The news comes as doctors in Hong Kong warned that people who survive Sars may suffer permanent lung damage and may suffer a relapse.
Those who recovered from Sars might have permanent lung damage.
Soon after the E Z L N had returned to Chiapas , Congress approved a different version of the C O C O P A Law , which did not include the autonomy clauses , claiming they were in contradiction with some constitutional rights ( private property and secret voting ) ; this was seen as a betrayal by the E Z L N and other political groups.
E Z L N is a political group.
This galaxy was dubbed the Sagittarius Dwarf galaxy ( as it , and the core of the Milky Way , lie in the constellation Sagittarius ) , and until recently , it held the record for the nearest galaxy , at about 70,000 light years away.
The Sagittarius Dwarf galaxy is the closest galaxy to the Milky Way.
A Chilean expert points out that the 1987 Montreal Protocol has not been effective in arresting the destruction of the ozone layer in the earth's atmosphere , resulting in the unprecedented size of the ozone hole this year , and causing 120,000 people in Chile to be on yellow alert for ultraviolet radiation ( meaning a fair-skinned person would get burnt within 10 minutes of being exposed to the sun ).
The ozone layer is in the earth's atmosphere.
Scientists have discovered that drinking tea protects against heart disease by improving the function of the artery walls.
Tea protects from some diseases.
Arizona has won 38 straight against the Cougars , who have not earned a victory in the series since a 65-63 overtime triumph at Pullman on January 30 , 1986.
The Cougars have not won in the series since a 65-63 overtime triumph on January 30 , 1986.
Changes in the cell-cycle and apoptotic machineries , or in the signalling pathways that control them allow cancer cells to escape the normal control of cell proliferation and cell death.
The altered cellular networks of molecular pathways sustain cancer cell growth and make them resistant to certain therapies.
Mangla was summoned after Madhumita&#39;s sister Nidhi Shukla , who was the first witness in the case.
Shukla is related to Mangla.
Authorities in Brazil say that more than 200 people are being held hostage in a prison in the country&#39;s remote , Amazonian-jungle state of Rondonia.
Authorities in Brazil hold 200 people as hostage.
This is good news for Gaelic translators , as the E U will have to churn out official documents in this language , in addition to the 20 other official E U languages.
There are 21 official E U languages.
Most notably , the Women's Health Initiative recently found that postmenopausal women taking estrogen with progestin have an increased risk of breast cancer as well as heart attack , stroke , and blood clots.
Estrogen is used by postmenopausal women.
Although panic disorders and agoraphobia are widespread in the general population , almost half of those afflicted with these problems do not receive treatment for them.
Agoraphobia is a widespread disorder.
The debt load has hamstrung Trump&#39;s attempts to expand his Trump Marina , Trump Taj Mahal and Trump Plaza casinos in Atlantic City.
The company would expand Trump Taj Mahal.
The 73-year-old Rather , whose 24 years as anchor is the longest tenure in the most coveted position in broadcast news , will remain as a correspondent for &#34; 60 Minutes &#34; and will handle other assignments.
Rather has served the longest tenure at the helm of network broadcast.
A mercenary group faithful to the warmongering policy of former Somozist colonel Enrique Bermudez attacked an I F A truck belonging to the interior ministry at 900 on 26 March in El Jicote , wounded and killed an interior ministry worker and wounded five others.
An interior ministry worker was killed by a mercenary group.
The British ambassador to Egypt , Derek Plumbly , told Reuters on Monday that authorities had compiled the list of 10 based on lists from tour companies and from families whose relatives have not been in contact since the bombings.
Derek Plumbly resides in Egypt.
Tibone estimated diamond production at four mines operated by Debswana - - Botswana's 50-50 joint venture with De Beers - - could reach 33 million carats this year.
Botswana is a business partner of De Beers.
Monday , when the hearings begin , the Palestinians will hold their demonstration during the same hours , and a 25-person counter-demonstration by Israelis and Jews will take place.
Israelis will demonstrate and a counter-demonstration of 25 Palestinians will be permitted as well.
Named for the Inuit goddess who created the sea creatures of the Arctic , Sedna lies more than three times farther from the sun than Pluto.
The object has been named Sedna after the Inuit goddess credited with creating the sea creatures of the Arctic.
The Genesis space capsule and its precious cargo , billions of particles from the sun , crashed into the Utah desert Wednesday in a last-minute bungling of a near-flawless , three-year scientific odyssey.
The Genesis capsule plunged into the ground.
North Korea opened relations with 10 other countries this year : Belgium , Brazil , Canada , Germany , Greece , Kuwait , Luxembourg , the Netherlands , New Zealand and Spain.
Spain and Korea started ambassadorial relations this year.
Second seed Roddick double-faulted on break point in the fifth game to let the first set slip and , after twice failing to convert from 0-40 , was soon two sets down.
Roddick hit back from two sets down.
His wife Strida won a seat in parliament after forging an alliance with the main anti-Syrian coalition in the recent election.
Strida elected to parliament.
Restricted items are those items that are not acceptable for purchase using government appropriated funds.
Some examples of items that the General Accounting Office ( G A O ) considers &#34; restricted &#34; include : food , live entertainment , and personal gifts including plaques.
Emiliano Zapata , hero of the 1910 social revolution , led a " peasant army &#34; based in the Cuautla valley 70 miles south of Mexico City.
Emiliano Zapata was a military leader.
Curt Schilling worked six innings of four-hit ball and Bellhorn added two R B I , as Sox grabbed a two-games-to-none lead in the 2004 World Series with a 6-2 victory over the St . Louis Cardinals.
The Red Sox lead the World Series two games to None after a 6-2 victory.
The upper house of the Russian parliament has approved a controversial bill to tighten state control over non-governmental organisations ( NGOs ).
Russian parliament closes NGOs.
The original Ryan N Y P , that Charles Lindbergh crossed the Atlantic with , was flown on 175 different flights racking up a grand total of 489 hours of flight time ( the Atlantic crossing in 1927 rolled up 33 1/3 hours of flight time ).
Lindbergh began his flight from the Atlantic in 1927.
U N Secretary of State Kofi Annan is in Sri Lanka amid tension between the government and rebels that threatens to undermine tsunami relief efforts.
Tensions between government and rebels in the two countries worst hit by the tsunami disaster threaten to undermine aid efforts.
Folk art embodies different parts of the nation&#39;s indigenous culture , minority languages , and philosophy.
Indigenous folk art is preserved.
Australia has repeatedly sought clemency for Tuong Van Nguyen , 25 , who was convicted of smuggling 400 grams ( 0.9 lb ) of heroin from Cambodia through Singapore&#39;s Changi airport in 2002.
Attorney-General Philip Ruddock criticised the imposition of the death penalty , especially in Nguyen&#39;s case which he said had mitigating circumstances.
Author Alan Hollinghurst&#39;s novel , &#34; The Line of Beauty &#34; , a tale of a young , gay man dazzled by drugs , power and money in Margaret Thatcher&#39;s London , today won Britain&#39;s most prestigious literary award.
A book about a gay man with H I V in Thatcher&#39;s Britain won.
Ukraine's election commission declared the Kremlin-backed prime minister , Viktor Yanukovych , the winner of the country&#39;s bitterly disputed presidential election , sharpening a crisis sparked by the opposition candidate&#39;s allegations that the vote was fraudulent.
Election officials declared Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych the winner.
Still , violence continued : Insurgents killed five U . S . soldiers , set off a suicide car bomb that killed four Iraqi policemen in Baghdad and targeted more polling sites across the country.
Five U S soldiers were killed , and at least 10 Iraqis died in Baghdad.
But the very first flush toilet was invented by Sir John Harrington in the 16th century for Queen Elizabeth in her palace at Richmond , Surrey.
The first flush toilet was invented in the 16th century.
The Channel Tunnel , thirty-two miles in length , stretches from Cheriton , Kent in England to the town of Sangatte in the Nord Pas-de-Calais region of France.
It is the second-longest rail tunnel in the world , the longest being the Seikan Tunnel in Japan.
Considering the amount of rain that soaked Riviera , Campbell didn&#39;t expect to complete his second round Friday in the Nissan Open.
Campbell finished his second round Friday.
Since August 1999 an increase of the seismic activity has marked the beginning of a seismic sequence which lasted until November 1999 , even if smaller earthquakes were recorded until January 2000.
There was an increase in seismic activity.
During the report period , there were no significant changes in seismicity or ground deformation.
There was an increase in seismic.
Kenneth Branagh talks about his epic , uncut version of &#39; Hamlet &#39;.
Kenneth Branagh has directed several celebrated film adaptations of Shakespeare's plays , but None has reached the heights of his recent ' Hamlet '.
For the year , the Dow rose 3 percent , while the S& P 500 index added 9 percent.
For the year , the Dow gained 3 percent , the S& P rose 9 percent.
Aachen is a very historic city ( with Roman remains , natural hot springs as well as a world-famous cathedral where all German emperors from 900 a.c . to about 1500 a.c . have been crowned ) at the Western edge of Germany , located about 5 kilometres from the Netherlands and Belgium.
Aachen is located in the Netherlands.
Giulio Andreotti , Italy's foremost elder statesman , has survived many political crises during his controversial career.
Giulio Andreotti is Italy's foremost elder statesman.
State police said Greater Johnstown-Cambria County Convention and Visitors Bureau kept $52,574.11 from Thunder in the Valley 2005 beer sales that should have gone to two volunteer fire companies.
Greater Johnstown-Cambria County Convention and Visitors Bureau funded two volunteer fire companies.
Labour Minister Roberto Maroni denounced what he called an " ideological " protest but former European Commission chief Romano Prodi who is leading the opposition to Berlusconi , said : &#34; Today&#39;s general strike is a protest at the disastrous economic and financial policies of the Italian government &#34;.
Romano Prodi is the leader of the opposition to Berlusconi.
Hundreds of divers and treasure hunters , including the Duke of Argyll , have risked their lives in the dangerous waters of the Isle of Mull trying to discover the reputed 30,000,000 pounds in Gold carried by this vessel--the target of the most enduring treasure hunt in British history.
Shipwreck salvaging was attempted.
&#34; This industrial spills problem has persisted for years and it is about time that government took decisive action , &#34; says Paul Muldoon , Executive Director of the Canadian Environmental Law Association.
The government took measures to reduce pollution.
The coalition drafted the principles below - originally dubbed the Valdez principles - to guide businesses on their individual path to environmental sustainability.
The Valdez Principles are principles which guide businesses on their individual path to environmental sustainability.
Richard Lennon , named to replace Cardinal Bernard Law until a new leader is named for the Archdiocese of Boston , faces a church in turmoil.
The pope named Bishop Richard Lennon to fill in for Law.
Famous for its wineries and hectic nightlife , Limassol is also the main port-town of Cyprus.
Nicosia , or Lefkosia in Greek , is the capital of Cyprus.
Michael Moore&#39;s anti-Bush documentary Fahrenheit 9/11 has won best film at the U S People&#39;s Choice Awards , voted for by the U S public.
Filmmaker Michael Moore was all smiles after winning top honors at the People&#39;s Choice Awards.
The world will never forget the epic flight of Charles Lindbergh across the Atlantic from New York to Paris in May 1927 , a feat still regarded as one of the greatest in aviation history.
Lindbergh began his flight from Paris in 1927.
Canadian Nation Defense has been using virtual reality to train pilots and ground soldiers.
Soldiers have been trained using virtual reality.
Commandos stormed a school Friday in southern Russia and battled separatist rebels holding hundreds of hostages as crying children , some naked and covered in blood , fled the building through explosions and gunfire.
Women escaping the building were seen fainting and were carried away on stretchers.
A shark encounter with a human typically consists of a shark leisurely circling and/or slowly swimming past the subject without any aggressive behavior being exhibited.
A shark attacked a human being.
Across the Atlantic , on July 13 , a radical Islamic cleric named Ali Al-Timimi was sentenced to life in prison , in Virginia , for soliciting treason.
Ali Al-Timimi is imprisoned in Virginia.
Although many herbs have been grown for centuries for medicinal use , do not look to herbal teas to remedy illness or disease.
Tea protects from illness.
Learn to speak like a native in 35 countries throughout Europe , North America , Latin America , South Africa , Japan , North Korea , New Zealand , Australia , Scandinavia , North Korea , and the Caribbean.
North Korea borders on Scandinavia.
Tea also contains anti-oxidants that help to reduce the chances of heart disease and cancer.
Tea protects from some diseases.
Robert Tuttle told the B B C there was no evidence of &#34; extraordinary renditions &#34; to Syria , which has been criticised by Washington for its human rights record.
Robert Tuttle works for the B B C.
Saddam Hussein accepted an 11th-hour offer to flee into exile weeks ahead of the U.S.-led 2003 invasion , but Arab League officials scuttled the proposal , officials in this Gulf state claimed.
Saddam Hussein accepted exile.
Five apricots contain around the same number of calories as one apple , but they have much more protein , calcium , iron , vitamin K , zinc , vitamin A , and folic acid.
Apricots contain vitamin C.
Nguyen&#39;s lawyer , Lex Lasry , told Australian television from Singapore that Nguyen , a Catholic whose family came from Vietnam , was &#34; ready to die &#34;.
Nguyen is a lawyer.
Watching Mosaic from the Bay Area , Silicon Graphics C E O Jim Clark , a veteran of the U N I X standards wars , understood how much money could be won if a company could take control of the standards of this new Internet tool.
Silicon Graphics created the internet browser Mosaic.
Agoraphobia means fear of open spaces and is one of the most common phobias.
Agoraphobia is a widespread disorder.
Japan&#39;s economy is definitely not booming but there is a sign of recovery as the export is increasing.
However , the decrease of motor vehicle export to North America shows caution.
Vicente Fox is scheduled to meet with Republican presidential nominee George W . Bush , tomorrow.
Vicente Fox is the Republican presidential nominee.
Both aftershocks had their epicentre around the Nicobar island group in the south of archipelago that lies close to Indonesia , India&#39;s Meteorological Department said.
India&#39;s Meteorological Department operates from Indonesia.
The European Commission through its President Mr . Romano Prodi was among the first to welcome this step and to express support for the interim government's efforts to lead the country on the path to development and democracy.
Romano Prodi is the President of the European Commission.
United failed to progress beyond the group stages of the Champions League and trail in the Premiership title race , sparking rumours over its future.
United won the Champions League.
Mugabe arrived in Beijing on Saturday and toured the northeastern province of Jilin , visiting the headquarters of First Automotive Works Group , China's top vehicle maker.
First Automotive Works Group is based in China.
The process was one of mutual consent between Russia and the West , according to Andrei Kozyrev , who was the Soviet foreign minister at the time of the failed coup by Communist hardliners and the creation of a democratic government.
Andrei Kozyrev was the Soviet foreign minister.
Three days after PeopleSoft bought J D Edwards in June 2003 , Oracle began its offer for PeopleSoft.
J D Edwards belongs to PeopleSoft.
A great earthquake occurred at 19:50:08 ( U T C ) on Thursday , September 25 , 2003.
The magnitude 8.0 event has been located in the Hokkaido , Japan region.
Joachim Johansson held off a dramatic fightback from defending champion Andy Roddick , to reach the semi-finals of the U S Open on Thursday night.
Defending champion Andy Roddick took on Joachim Johansson.
Prime Minister Paavo Lipponen said yesterday that it was too early to say whether it was a terrorist organisation or a single person acting alone , but added the bomb was &#34; built to cause maximum damage &#34;.
Prime Minister Paavo Lipponen said the government was investigating whether the attack may have been linked to terrorism.
The holy Shiite city south of Baghdad was ravaged by fighting Thursday and Friday between American forces and radical cleric Muqtada al-Sadr's Mahdi Army militia that left scores dead.
Al-Sadr's Mehdi Army militia and U . S . forces have been fighting.
There are approximately 3.7 million European Citizens with intellectual disability.
There are approximately 3.7 million European Citizens.
Long-distance telephone company M C I Inc . on Friday touted its $6.75 billion deal to be bought by Verizon Communications Inc . , but said it would thoroughly analyze a revised $8 billion bid by Qwest Communications International Inc.
M C I said it would thoroughly review the Qwest offer.
Earlier this year , 78 local , state and federal agencies took part in a chemical attack drill , called &#34; Rotunda Thunda , &#34; at the Las Vegas Convention Center and the Strip.
State and federal agencies took part in a chemical attack.
Salvadoran reporter Mauricio Pineda , a sound technician for the local canal Doce television station , was shot and killed today in Morazan department in the eastern part of the country.
Mauricio Pineda was killed in Morazan.
At the same time , anti-virus firm Kaspersky Labs branded the X C P program spyware , because it hides itself , could compromise security and can slow machines down.
Kaspersky Labs &#39; anti-virus software could compromise security.
Booker T . and Sharmell , two African-American W W E superstars , were involved in the segment.
Brooker T . and Sharmell are organizers of African-American W W E.
The L M I was set up by Mr . Torvalds with John Hall as non-profit organization to license the use of the word Linux.
Mr . Torvalds is a partner of John Hall.
The W E U has its origins in the Brussels Treaty of Economic , Social and Cultural Collaboration and Collective Self-Defence of 1948 , signed by Belgium , France , Luxembourg , the Netherlands and the United Kingdom.
The W E U is the Brussels Treaty of Economic , Social and Cultural Collaboration and Collective Self-Defence.
Baldwin has instructed at numerous baseball camps across the country , including Notre Dame , L S U , Mississippi State , Illinois , Army , Old Dominion , Butler , Dartmouth , Southern Maryland and the Best in Virginia camp.
Butler has joined the Army.
The rusted pipelines have ruptured , spilling 2.5 million barrels of oil over the land and waterways of the Niger Delta.
An oil pipeline in Siberia was ruptured.
The model for the new network is an existing system in the Pacific , which was established in 1965 and now provides early tsunami warnings to 26 nations.
The key is laying the foundation for an Indian Ocean tsunami early warning system.
China and Japan battle over the proposed route of a Russian oil pipeline from Siberia that will determine which nation functions and which does not.
An oil pipeline in Siberia was ruptured.
The B B C has apologised for incorrectly broadcasting figures which suggested more Iraqi civilians had been killed by coalition and Iraqi forces than by insurgents.
The B B C apologises over Iraqi figures.
California's Supreme Court has rejected a request from the state's attorney general to stop gay weddings and declare invalid over 3,400 same-sex marriages.
California's Attorney General asked the state Supreme Court to halt any further gay marriages.
An explosion at a historic synagogue in Tunisia left 21 dead , including 14 German tourists.
A European synagogue was the target of an act of terrorism.
Federal Education Minister Brendan Nelson has been criticised at a national conference in Perth for damaging the overseas reputation of Australian schools.
Brendan Nelson criticised the Federal Education Minister.
The world will never forget the epic flight of Charles Lindbergh across the Atlantic from New York to Paris in May 1927 , a feat still regarded as one of the greatest in aviation history.
Lindbergh began his flight from New York in 1927.
Mr . Fitzgerald revealed he was one of several top officials who told Mr . Libby in June 2003 that Valerie Plame , wife of the former ambassador Joseph Wilson , worked for the C I A.
Valerie Plame is married to Joseph Wilson.
After meeting officials from groups including Hamas and Islamic Jihad , Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei said commanders had agreed on a plan to ensure security and order.
Qureia met in Gaza with the heads of Palestinian factions.
Government subsidies for energy and raw materials held prices at artificially low levels , doing away with incentives to conserve natural resources.
The government took measures to protect the environment.
Rescuers using shovels , high-tech cameras and their bare hands to search the rubble of a California mudslide found the bodies of three children and a woman before dawn Wednesday , bringing the death toll to 10.
The bodies of a mother and three young children were pulled from the rubble.
Fox&#39;s landmark animated television series &#39; The Simpsons &#39; first appeared as 30-second spots on &#39; The Tracey Ullman Show &#39; and has run as a primetime sitcom since 1989.
&#39; The Simpsons &#39; first appeared on television in 1989.
Everest summiter David Hiddleston has passed away in an avalanche of Mt . Tasman.
A person died in an avalanche.
After just four days on the job : Wally Backman was fired Friday as manager of the Arizona Diamondbacks because of two arrests and financial problems he kept from the team.
Backman filed for bankruptcy.
General Dynamics , the maker of land combat systems , warships and Gulfstream business jets , reported net earnings of $374m in the third quarter , or $1.84 per share , driven by a strong demand for communications and intelligence systems and a booming market in corporate jets.
General Dynamics makes Gulfstream business jets.
U . S . helicopters rescued dozens of desperate and weak tsunami survivors Monday as the American military relief operation reached out to remote areas of Indonesia with cartons of food and water.
Indonesian helicopters brought much-needed supplies.
Since Concorde&#39;s first flight in 1969 , it was recognized as the safest airplane in the history of aviation.
And in spite of this dramatic crash on July 25 , it still remains the safest way to fly.
As such , the 1964 Texaco-Gulf Concession Agreement with the government of Ecuador established requirements for the protection of workers and the environment.
A government took measures to protect the environment.
In the wake of the controversy surrounding the dual citizenship status of Liberian presidential candidate George Oppong Manneh Weah , a Daily Observer investigation has uncovered new developments that may rock the candidacies of three leading candidates , in the race for the Liberian presidency.
George Oppong Manneh Weah is a politician of Liberia.
The Cuban missile crisis began on April 17th , 1961 , with the " Bay of Pigs " invasion , which was sponsored by the John F . Kennedy Administration.
The Bay of Pigs invasion took place on April 17th , 1961.
About 1.75 million Palestinians are eligible to cast ballots in the election tomorrow to replace Palestinian Authority President Yasser Arafat , the president of the Palestinian Authority who died Nov.
11.
The fourth quarter's performance was weaker than the 3.5% growth rate some economists were predicting and was the slowest since the beginning of 2003.
The fourth quarter's performance was weaker than the growth rate economists were predicting.
Amelia , Emerson , their son Ramses and daughter-in-law Nefret and their entourage of family retainers , dependents and cats , arrive in Cairo in 1916 ( having dodged the U-boats on the way ) en route to Luxor to begin a new excavation.
Nefret was married to Emerson.
The German Question , so it was said , was open as long as the Brandenburg Gate was closed.
The Brandenburg Gate is in Germany.
Bobby Sands , the O C for his wing , was the first to refuse food in the second hunger strike , and he became the first one to die.
A hunger strike was attempted.
Employers created 144,000 new payroll jobs in August as the unemployment rate dipped to 5.4 percent , a modest improvement over the 5.5 percent jobless rate in July , the Labor Department reported Friday.
The Labor Department raises the new-job number.
The film , which teams Ben Stiller , Robert De Niro , Barbra Streisand and Dustin Hoffman , has grossed more than $163 million during its 12-day run , according to studio estimates.
The comedy sequel reunites Ben Stiller and Robert De Niro.
Employers created 144,000 new payroll jobs in August as the unemployment rate dipped to 5.4 percent , a modest improvement over the 5.5 percent jobless rate in July , the Labor Department reported Friday.
The Labor Department reported that the average hourly wage rose.
Just two days before the crash of July 25 , 2000 , cracks were found in the wings of eleven of the 14 jets that make up the Concorde fleet.
The Concorde&#39;s first crash was in 2000.
Three leaders of a premier Johnstown tourism event were charged with illegally diverting money to their organization , state police said Wednesday , sending shock waves through the region.
Three leaders of a premier Johnstown tourism event are suspected of stealing money.
Israeli helicopters shot two missiles at a car driving through the Gaza Strip on Wednesday , killing three people , Palestinian security sources said.
Three militants from the Islamic Jihad group were killed when Israeli helicopters fired missiles at a car in the Gaza Strip.
Prime Minister John Howard says he will not be swayed by a videotaped warning that Australia faces more terrorism attacks unless it withdraws its troops from Iraq and Afghanistan.
Australia withdraws from Iraq.
In the U S anxiety disorders are relatively widespread , affecting 15-17% of the adult population in any given year.
Agoraphobia is a widespread disorder.
That was up from 3 percent in 2003 and marked the best showing since 1999 , when the economy grew by 4.5 percent.
That was up from 3% in 2003 and marked the best showing since 1999 , when the growth was 4.5%.
Since the start of the 2003 season , New England has won 19 of 20 games against teams that finished the season with a winning record.
New England simply doesn&#39;t lose.
Hurricane Frances destroyed more of the citrus crop in some places in Florida than Hurricane Charley did three weeks ago , the state&#39;s agriculture commissioner said on Tuesday.
Initial reports of destruction did not rival the estimated $7.4 billion in insured damage caused by Hurricane Charley in southwest Florida three weeks ago.
Insurgents in Iraq killed five U . S . soldiers and attacked polling centers Friday in persistent violence ahead of Sunday&#39;s elections.
Insurgents have attacked U S troops and polling stations.
The birthplace of the Olympic games , Greece , has been struggling for more than a decade to secure the games.
It was a great disappointment to the Greeks and many Europeans that the Coca Cola company used its considerable influence to have the games in Atlanta in 1996 on the 100th anniversary.
In one of the latest attacks , a U S soldier on patrol was killed by a single shot from a sniper in northern Baghdad , the military said yesterday.
A sniper killed a U . S . soldier on patrol in Baghdad with a single shot.
Another winter blast covered California with rain and snow Saturday morning as residents in waterlogged areas , still recovering from wildfires , braced for flash flooding and mudslides.
Heavy rain fell Friday in southern communities where waterlogged areas , still recovering from wildfires , braced for flash flooding and mudslides.
On the same day last week that Mahmoud Ahmadi-Nejad , Iran's fundamentalist president , called for Israel to be " wiped off the map " at an anti-Zionist conference in Tehran , his first vice-president was attending a different sort of event in Moscow.
Mahmoud Ahmadi-Nejad attended a conference.
An avalanche has struck a popular skiing resort in Austria , killing at least 11 people.
Humans died in an avalanche.
For sailors , the lighthouse of Alexandria ensured a safe return to the Great Harbor ; for architects , it was the tallest building on Earth ; and for scientists , it was the mysterious mirror that fascinated them most : its reflection could be seen more than 50 km ( 35 miles ) off-shore.
For all these reasons , the lighthouse was considered one of the Seven Wonders of the world.
Opposition leaders in India have called on foreign minister Natwar Singh to resign after he and the Congress party were named in the Volcker report as alleged recipients of illicit payments from Saddam Hussein under the oil-for-food scam.
Natwar Singh resigned.
Only three buildings were wrapped by Christo : The Kunsthalle Berne , 1968 , The Museum of Contemporary Art , Chicago , 1969 and The Wrapped Reichstag , Berlin , 1995 , which is the third and last wrapped building - - it was initiated in 1961 first and then again in 1971.
In 1971 the Valley Curtain was already well underway , and was not a wrapping.
Just over two hours later , another car bomb targeted a police commando patrol under the Harithiyah bridge in the west of the city , killing two policemen and wounding 11.
A police commando patrol was the owner of a car bomb.
The BBC&#39;s correspondent in Athens , Malcolm Brabant , said that in the past few weeks more details had emerged of the alleged mistreatment by Greek-speaking agents.
Malcolm Brabant was mistreated by Greek agents.
A new chapter has been written into Australia's rich sporting history after the Socceroos qualified for the World Cup finals following their 4-2 win over Uruguay on penalties at the Olympic Stadium in Sydney.
Australia qualified for the World Cup finals.
The Bills now appear ready to hand the reins over to one of their two-top picks from a year ago in quarterback J . P . Losman , who missed most of last season with a broken leg.
The Bills plan to give the starting job to J . P . Losman.
Childress led all players with 26 points and nine rebounds and scored 10 points in a five-minute second-half stretch as the Cardinal put the game away.
Childress was the reluctant hero , even after 26 points , nine rebounds , two blocks , three steals and three assists.
The most effective way to reduce pollution is to have the government sell its properties to private companies who will safeguard their future value.
The government took measures to reduce pollution.
Until the construction of the Chrysler Building in 1930 by architect William Van Allen , the Eiffel Tower was the tallest building in the world.
The Eiffel Tower was built in 1930.
On September 10 , 700 tonnes of oil spilled into the Vatyaun and Pim rivers in Russia's Western Siberia due to a local pipeline rupture.
An oil pipeline in Siberia was ruptured.
It is fairly clear that Microsoft is the dominant firm in the market for computer operating systems.
Microsoft holds a monopoly power on computer systems.
Jackson dangled his son from a Berlin hotel window in 2002 , outraging many of his staunchest fans.
Now Debbie Rowe is fighting for custody of her two children.
The first union between Sweden and Norway occurred in 1319 when the three-year-old Magnus , son of the Swedish royal Duke Eric and of the Norwegian princess Ingeborg , inherited the throne of Norway from his grandfather , Haakon V , and in the same year was elected King of Sweden , by the Convention of Oslo.
Magnus was a king of Norway.
The Explorer has compiled a list of 15 avalanches that have occurred since 1975.
All but two were triggered by humans : 10 by ice climbers or snowshoers and three by skiers.
Speaking to newsmen in Jakarta today , Hun Sen , second prime minister of Cambodia , reiterated that the Phnom Penh government will not hold further negotiations with the Khmer Rouge ( K R ) because it has used all the topics discussed between the two sides at past talks as a platform to support its existence.
Hun Sen represents the Khmer Rouge.
Stocks rallied for a second session Thursday , boosted by falling oil prices and ongoing relief that the presidential election has passed without incident.
The falling oil prices had a positive impact on stocks.
New voters also are less likely to be Republicans ( 27 percent , compared with 36 percent of repeat voters ) and more apt to be liberals ( 28 percent vs . 17 percent ).
Among likely voters in this survey , 36 percent are Democrats.
According to Greenpeace France , the French government blocked debates for the past three years on creation of an Agency of Maritime Control.
The government took measures to protect the environment.
El Nino usually begins in December and lasts a few months.
El Nino usually starts in December.
Former dissident John Bok , who has been on a hunger strike since Monday , says he wants to increase pressure on Stanislav Gross to resign as prime minister.
A hunger strike was attempted.
Eurotunnel has signalled a revolution in cross-Channel travel , unveiling a raft of new initiatives to make life easier , faster , and cheaper for motorists crossing the Channel this summer.
Fares based on one-way crossings from just 49 Euro for car and passengers.
The E Z L N differs from most revolutionary groups by having stopped military action after the initial uprising in the first two weeks of 1994.
E Z L N is a revolutionary group.
In the Italian Alps , four climbers died in an avalanche in the Argentera valley on Sunday afternoon.
Humans died in an avalanche.
The child molestation case against Michael Jackson is finally ready for a trial that promises to be like no other.
The Jackson trial promises to be like no other.
Interestingly , the fruit that best dried naturally on the tree , and that was pleasant eating , also has astonishingly high levels of vitamin C . This is the jujube fruit , Zizyphus jujuba , whose center of diversity is thought to be in the Eastern Mediterranean , around Syria.
Jujube fruit contain vitamin C.
Employers created 144,000 new payroll jobs in August as the unemployment rate dipped to 5.4 percent , a modest improvement over the 5.5 percent jobless rate in July , the Labor Department reported Friday.
The August jobless rate dipped a bit.
A study of 16,466 female nurses ages 70 to 81 found that even women who walked a leisurely 1.5 hours a week did better on tests of mental function than less active women.
A study of women showed those who did more exercise scored better on mental agility tests.
The al-Salam 95 had been waiting to enter the port , following its journey from Jeddah , when the two ships collided.
People were killed in a collision between ships.
Thanks to this network , an increase in the gas and smoke emanating from Soufriere and the appearance of a significant acid phase have been observed since early 1998.
There was an increase in volcanic and seismic activity.
Wyniemko , now 54 and living in Rochester Hills , was arrested and tried in 1994 for a rape in Clinton Township.
Wyniemko was accused of rape.
The Eiffel Tower was built in 1889 for the Universal Exposition as a monument to the scientific achievements of the 18th century.
The Eiffel Tower was built in 1889.
British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw met yesterday with his Brazilian counterpart , Celso Amorim , to discuss the shooting of 27-year-old Jean Charles de Menezes.
In a joint news conference afterward , Mr . Straw promised that Mr . de Menezes's family would get a quick and sympathetic hearing for their compensation claims.
The travel-weary Los Angeles Angels , running on adrenaline after two all-night flights , opened the A L Championship Series with a 3-2 victory over the well-rested Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night at U . S . Cellular Field.
The Los Angeles Angels beat the Chicago White Sox.
Analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call were looking for the company to post earnings of 38 cents per share on sales of $12.81 billion in the latest period.
The company beat the estimate carried by analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call.
Latvia reestablished its independence in 1991 following the breakup of the Soviet Union.
Although the last Russian troops left in 1994 , the status of the Russian minority ( some 30% of the population ) remains of concern to Moscow.
Eurostat's task is to provide the European Union with statistics that enable comparisons between countries and regions.
Eurostat provides the E U wth statistics.
Two persons were injured in dynamite attacks perpetrated this evening against two bank branches in this Northwestern Colombian city.
Two persons perpetrated dynamite attacks in a Northwestern Colombian city.
The announcement about Myanmar&#39;s chairmanship of A S E A N was expected from the foreign ministers after their working dinner on Monday - the first time all 10 of them met together after arriving in the Laotian capital.
A S E A N was based in Myanmar.
Laurie Pace has qualified for the Sydney 2000 Olympic Games thanks to one of the wildcards which were distributed world-wide.
She is aiming at improving over the 16th place in Atlanta.
In 1984 , Best served two months in jail for drunken driving , and in 2004 , he was banned from driving for 20 months after another conviction.
Best was accused of drunken driving.
Even as both sides appeared to make conciliatory moves , 11 militants and six army soldiers were killed in a four-hour gun battle in Indian-administered Kashmir.
A gun battle killed 17 people in Indian-administered Kashmir.
The move came yesterday after U S newspapers reported University of Pittsburgh embryologist and stem cell expert Gerald Schatten had ended his collaboration with Seoul National University&#39;s Woo Suk Hwang , the scientific father of Snuppy , the first cloned dog.
Gerald Schatten cloned Snuppy.
For example , an electron that has been accelerated to 0.78 times the speed of light has a de Broglie wavelength of 2 pm ( 2 times 10-12 m ) , which is about 100 times smaller than the typical interatomic distance in a solid.
Interatomic distance in a solid is smaller than an electron.
The average price of a gallon of gasoline has jumped a nickel over the past two weeks and is back near the record high set earlier this year , according to a national survey released Sunday.
Gas prices jumped 5 cents a gallon over the last two weeks.
Startled East Coast residents from North Carolina to Maryland were shaken Tuesday by an earthquake that registered a preliminary magnitude of 4.5.
An earthquake occurred on the east coast of Hokkaido.
But only one major oil company was shamed by the 623-page report : Texaco , part of Chevron , the US&#39;s second largest energy group.
Chevron owns Texaco.
Those producer organizations that are neither F L O certified nor I F A T members , are dealt with according to the E F T A monitoring system ( E F T A = European Fair Trade Association ) in cooperation between Gepa and the other E F T A members.
All these systems are based on the principles of Fair Trade defined by the international Fair Trade network , F I N E.
" Relative size and the power of the purse are certainly key factors , " says Samuel L . Husk , executive director of the Council of Great City Schools.
Samuel L . Husk works for the Council of Great City Schools.
In addition , the Nigerian government has now committed to ending the process of gas flaring from oil production by 2008.
The continued process of gas flaring has not only meant that a potential energy source - - and source of revenue - - has gone up in smoke , but it is also a major contributor to air pollution and acid rain.
The announcement at N A S A headquarters in Washington confirmed decades of mounting evidence that water once flowed in abundance on Mars , now a frigid and dry planet pocked with craters.
The surface of Mars once was &#34; drenched &#34; in water that could have supported life forms.
President Bush briefly and vaguely alluded to stem-cell research and cloning during his State of the Union address , instigating much speculation on what to expect in 2005.
President Bush blatantly ignored the topic of embryonic stem-cell research in his recent State of the Union address.
Yasser Arafat has lapsed into a coma in a French hospital , a senior Palestinian official said Thursday , a day after the Palestinian leader was rushed to intensive care following a sharp deterioration in his health.
Arafat was taken into intensive care where , according to a Palestinian official , he lapsed into a coma.
Women with the poorest D N A repair capacity had a breast cancer risk three times greater than women with the best D N A repair capacity.
Deficiencies in the ability to repair D N A add to cancer development.
Antipsychotics drugs are mainly used for the control of severe psychotic states such as schizophrenia and mania.
Drugs are used to combat schizophrenia.
Tokyo stocks fell Friday morning as investors cautiously awaited key events including a series of earnings reports from major Japanese companies later in the day.
Tokyo stocks slipped early Friday.
The former worldwide immunization director for Becton , Dickinson and Company ( &#34; B D &#34; ) tried to correct clinical trial violations , then was wrongfully terminated , according to a lawsuit against B D filed today by Levy Phillips &#38; Konigsberg , L L P named partner Alan J . Konigsberg.
Alan J . Konigsberg is related to Levy Phillips &#38; Konigsberg.
Weak fumarolic activity was observed , and no volcanic activity was visible on satellite imagery during the report week.
There was an increase in volcanic.
" The Calm & the Storm " is the brainchild of Dave McCool , who got rich when Northern Telecom bought his communications start-up Aptis Communications.
Dave McCool sold Aptis Communications.
The destruction of the ozone layer was first noticed in the late 1980s as a hole over Antarctica.
The ozone hole was first noticed in the late 1980s.
Pythagoras was born in Ionia on the island of Samos , and eventually settled in Crotone , a Dorian Greek colony in southern Italy , in 529 B . C . E . There he lectured in philosophy and mathematics.
Pythagoras was born in Crotone.
Cloning Professor Ian Wilmut and a team of scientists from Kings College London will clone early stage embryos in the hope of finding new treatments for motor neurone disease.
Scientists will harvest the embryos for stem cells in a quest to understand the causes and find a new treatment for motor neurone disease.
Robert Tuttle told the B B C there was no evidence of &#34; extraordinary renditions &#34; to Syria , which has been criticised by Washington for its human rights record.
Robert Tuttle has been criticised by Washington.
Vice President Dick Cheney yesterday defended the administration&#39;s budget plan against Democratic criticism that Bush is seeking steep cuts in scores of federal programs because he is unwilling to roll back first-term tax cuts.
Bush is seeking large cuts in domestic spending to lower the deficit.
A collision Thursday morning between a Chinese ship and a South Korean vessel off the North China coast near Lushun has claimed one life , officials said Thursday.
A person was killed in a collision between ships.
Some 420 people have been hanged in Singapore since 1991 , mostly for drug trafficking , an Amnesty International 2004 report said.
That gives the country of 4.4 million people the highest execution rate in the world relative to population.
Microsoft Corp . , on Thursday , posted higher quarterly earnings as revenue rose 12 percent , but its shares fell after the world&#39;s largest software market said current quarter sales would fall below Wall Street expectations.
Microsoft&#39;s forward-looking figures remained in line with expectations.
Microsoft maintains their very successful operating system monopoly through the use of proprietary specifications as well as aggressive marketing.
Microsoft holds a monopoly power.
Shiva , Vishnu , and Brahma are the major gods of Hinduism , and their functions are often interchangeable.
Brahma is one of the major gods of Hinduism.
Dozens of gay and lesbian couples arrived in this rural town Friday to get married after a county clerk announced she would grant marriage licenses to same-sex couples , but the offer was soon revoked.
The mayor announced he would allow gay nuptials.
There are currently eleven ( 11 ) official languages ( E U languages ) of the European Union in number.
There are 11 official E U languages.
Miller has redefined alpine skiing with his aggressive style , the likes of which hasn't been seen since Alberto Tomba first began to dominate slalom and giant slalom in the late eighties and throughout the early nineties , on route to 50 World Cup wins in those two disciplines.
Alberto Tomba won a ski race.
During the 1996 Atlanta Olympic Games , 85 misting fans were placed at shaded recovery areas throughout various phases of the equestrian courses to allow these elite athletes to stabilize and lower their body temperatures.
The Olympic Games took place in Atlanta in 1996.
Microsoft Corp . , on Thursday , posted higher quarterly earnings as revenue rose 12 percent , but its shares fell after the world&#39;s largest software market said current quarter sales would fall below Wall Street expectations.
Microsoft said that earnings for its latest quarter beat expectations.
The Dircote has identified one of the terrorists as Gerardo Olivos Silva through a composite made from witness &#39; reports.
Gerardo Olivos Silva was recognized as being a terrorist.
They demand that Beijing pressure Pyongyang to capitulate to Washington&#39;s demands.
Pyongyang lies near Beijing.
This is a Hindu temple dedicated to the Lord Shiva , one of 3 major Gods of Hinduism.
Lord Shiva is one of the major Gods of Hinduism.
A victory over the Philadelphia Eagles next week would give the New England Patriots three Super Bowl championships in four seasons.
The New England Patriots have won three Super Bowls in the last four seasons.
Hurricane Katrina slammed this legendary Gulf Coast city Monday , flooding historic streets , damaging buildings such as the iconic Superdome and disrupting nearby oil production , before the weakened storm saturated areas across the South.
Hurricane Katrina slammed ashore Monday.
Virtual reality has many applications.
Today the military uses this technology in simulations.
The Eiffel Tower was built in the period 1887-1889 , to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the French Revolution.
The Eiffel Tower was built during the French Revolution.
Due to Beijing's long history as an agrarian society , a rich and vibrant cultural heritage has been preserved.
One part of this culture is the indigenous folk art and traditional handicrafts.
Only a few days ago , A R E N A assassins tried to kill the president of the Mortgage Bank , Mr . Mason , for not following their orders.
A R E N A assassins attacked Mason.
Andrei Kozyrev became Russian foreign minister in 1990 when it was by no means obvious that it was advantageous for him to accept the appointment.
Andrei Kozyrev was Russian foreign minister.
Employers created 144,000 new payroll jobs in August as the unemployment rate dipped to 5.4 percent , a modest improvement over the 5.5 percent jobless rate in July , the Labor Department reported Friday.
The Labor Department said this sector has added nearly 1 of every 5 of the new jobs created during the last 12 months.
" The Calm & the Storm " is the brainchild of Dave McCool , who got rich when Northern Telecom bought his communications start-up Aptis Communications.
Dave McCool is the inventor of " The Calm & the Storm ".
A Chinese democracy activist has reportedly been jailed for 12 years for helping to organise anti-Japanese protests in China earlier this year.
Japanese protests against China.
Israeli helicopters fired two missiles in separate attacks on a Palestinian refugee camp on Wednesday , killing four people in a stepped-up campaign the army says is aimed at rooting out militants in the Gaza Strip.
Palestinian militants were killed while trying to infiltrate the Gaza Strip.
Liquid methane rain pelts Saturn's largest moon , Titan , and feeds rivers , lakes and seas that carve the surface like water does on Earth , images from a space probe show.
Methane rain appears to be supplying rivers and lakes on the surface of Saturn's biggest moon.
For their discovery of ulcer-causing bacteria , Australian doctors Robin Warren and Barry Marshall have received the 2005 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.
Robin Warren was awarded a Nobel Prize.
A July 31 bombing at Hebrew University in Jerusalem killed nine people , including five Americans.
A bomb in a Hebrew University cafeteria July 31 killed the five Americans and four Israelis.
Celebrations are continuing after the Socceroos &#39; victory over Uruguay to qualify for the finals of the football World Cup in Germany next year.
Uruguay qualifies for the World Cup finals.
On July 12 , 1993 , a magnitude 7.8 earthquake occurred off the west coast of Hokkaido and the small offshore island of Okushiri in the Sea of Japan.
An earthquake occurred on the east coast of Hokkaido in 1994.
Works by Camille Pissarro , who is often called the first Impressionist , are to be exhibited in Australia for the first time.
Camille Pissarro works in Australia.
Latvia grudgingly agreed to let Russia keep the Skrunda radar ; the Russians switched it off in 1998 , then had 18 months to dismantle it.
Russian troops withdrew from Latvia.
On December 6 , as a result of a collision between two ships in Halifax harbour , a cargo of ammunition exploded and 1,630 people lost their lives in the ensuing holocaust , thousands more being injured.
People were killed in a collision between ships.
The deal comes two weeks after another Baby Bell , S B C Communications ( Research ) , agreed to pay $16 billion in cash and stock for AT& T ( Research ).
The deal comes two weeks after a $16 billion deal was reached between AT& T Corp . and S B C Communications Inc.
Israeli security forces seized large amounts of cash from four Palestinian bank branches Wednesday , saying much of the money was sent by Iran , Syria and Lebanese Hezbollah guerrillas to fund Palestinian militants.
The forces took millions of shekels in cash from the bank.
Befitting a young group , new voters have lower incomes , are less educated and are far more likely to be single than other voters.
New voters are younger.
The bodies of Hector Oqueli , undersecretary of the national revolutionary movement [ M N R ] of El Salvador , and Gilda Flores , a member of Guatemala's social democratic party , were found in Cuilapa , Guatemala , near the border with El Salvador , the relatives of one of the victims have reported.
Hector Oqueli was found dead.
The goal of preserving indigenous culture can hardly be achieved by a handful of researchers and curators at museums of ethnology and folk culture.
Indigenous folk art is preserved.
Schizophrenia is a severe psychiatric illness that affects 1% of people worldwide.
Drugs used to combat the condition are less than satisfactory : developed through trial and error , many patients react badly to them and there is a growing body of evidence that they have a range of side-effects , including diabetes.
On July 8 , 1998 , United Airlines expresses opposition to the two-airport concept , a train link between John Wayne and El Toro and any attempt to limit John Wayne to short haul markets.
John Wayne airport is in El Toro.
Orbach , best known for his long-running role as Detective Lennie Briscoe on Law &#38; Order has died.
Orbach , who achieved his widest fame as wisecracking Detective Lennie Briscoe on &#39; Law &#38; Order , &#39; died.
One of seven people killed in an explosion at a busy shopping centre near Helsinki was suspected to have carried out the attack , police have said.
The teenage bomber behind a blast was one of the seven people who died.
Janez Drnovek ( L D S centre-left Liberal Democracy of Slovenia ) became Prime Minister at the head of a four-party coalition formed after the December 1992 elections.
Milan Kucan was re-elected President in 1992 and 1997 and Drnovek as Prime Minister again in 1997.
The switch is part of a trend which Deloitte Research reckons will result in 2m of the 13m jobs in financial services in developed economies moving to India by 2008.
Jobs were outsourced to India.
Pisa , an ancient Roman port and great maritime republic , is no longer on the sea but its splendid past lives within its abundant historic and artistic monuments : narrow streets that open into picturesque little squares with multicoloured markets ; the charming Piazza dei Cavalieri and Piazza dei Miracoli , one of the most famous monumental complexes in the world.
Piazza dei Miracoli is located in Pisa.
The San Diego Padres ace , Jake Peavy , was hurt in an 8-5 loss to the St . Louis Cardinals.
Jake Peavy is a player of the San Diego Padres.
This model allows for different levels of training to be offered to the various skill levels of soldiers that will be operating and maintaining a particular system.
Soldiers are trained using virtual reality.
Generally the coffee or tea drinker feels worse in just a few short minutes after finishing the drink.
Tea protects from illness.
An 11-year-old Sanford boy was bitten on the foot by a shark.
A shark attacked a human being.
The Peruvian government has approved 12 charges on which it will seek the extradition of former President Alberto Fujimori from Chile.
The Peruvian government extradites Alberto Fujimori.
The International Olympic Committee ( I O C ) manages broadcast partnerships and the T O P worldwide sponsorship programme.
The I O C is the International Olympic Committee.
The technical investigation commission has determined that some military were reportedly involved in the assassination of the six Jesuits and their two maids , which took place at daybreak on the 16th of November , as reported by president Alfredo Cristiani on the 7th of January.
The assassination of the six Jesuits and their two maids took place on the 7th of January.
The vehicles were stranded about 4 a.m . in 3 to 4 feet of snow on a 15-mile stretch of Highway 18 between Snow Valley ski resort and Big Bear dam , said Tracey Martinez.
The snow storm on Highway 18 caused vehicles to slide on the roadway.
In the early 20th century , agoraphobia , or the fear of public spaces , saw a transformation in its demographic composition.
The disease&#39;s early history can be characterized as a predominantly male disorder where the majority of patients diagnosed with the disease were white , middle-class men.
Walter R . Mears , a columnist for The Associated Press , has reported on Washington and national politics for more than 25 years.
Walter R . Mears writes for The Associated Press.
Robots using artificial polymer " muscles " are real slowpokes , as the polymers react a hundred times slower than human muscle.
Artificial polymer " muscles " are slower than human muscle.
&#34; We are constantly getting confirmation that the U . S . economy is no longer in a boom phase , and that interest rates are falling , &#34; said a dealer at a U . S . bank in Frankfurt , West Germany.
The U . S . forms part of Germany.
Mr . Fitzgerald revealed he was one of several top officials who told Mr . Libby in June 2003 that Valerie Plame , wife of the former ambassador Joseph Wilson , worked for the C I A.
Valerie Plame worked for the C I A.
The Ulysses spacecraft , launched on October 6 , 1990 , is a joint solar mission of N A S A and the European Space Agency.
The Ulysses spacecraft was launched on October 6 , 1990.
With Linnaeus as professor , a period in Uppsala began where nature science was much esteemed.
Linnaeus was a professor in Uppsala.
Quarterback Donovan McNabb was every bit Quarterback Tom Brady&#39;s equal for 48 passes Sunday night , throwing for 357 yards and three touchdowns in his Super Bowl debut for the Philadelphia Eagles.
McNabb&#39;s 357 yards were the best postseason game of his career.
The most common form of estrogen given to postmenopausal women is conjugated estrogen , which is made from the urine of pregnant mares , and the most popular brand of conjugated estrogen is Premarin.
Estrogen is used by postmenopausal women.
Foreign aid workers will have to take military escorts to areas of Indonesia&#39;s tsunami-stricken Aceh province deemed unsafe , but troops for such escorts may be in short supply , the Indonesian military said Thursday.
Many parts of tsunami-battered Aceh province were not safe for the military.
They also come amid warnings from the Indonesian military that areas of tsunami-battered Aceh province may not be safe for aid workers.
The military has warned aid workers that some regions are not safe.
These folk art traditions have been preserved for hundreds of years.
Indigenous folk art is preserved.
Prime Minister John Howard says he will not be swayed by a videotaped warning that Australia faces more terrorism attacks unless it withdraws its troops from Iraq and Afghanistan.
Australian troops remain in Afghanistan.
For the Atlanta Olympic Games in 1996 , the competition was a one-day event in which 32 men who qualified via pre-Olympic competitions participated.
The Olympic Games took place in Atlanta in 1996.
If this can be confirmed , it may be possible to develop substances that could combat schizophrenia by neutralizing the schizophrenia antibodies.
Drugs are used to combat schizophrenia.
That department , a co-manager of shipwrecks with the other two , has also attempted to address its shipwreck responsibilities since the early &#39; 70s.
Shipwreck salvaging was attempted.
The summary also concluded that Sirhan , who is serving a life sentence at Soledad Prison for the killing , was sane and was not under the influence of alcohol when he shot Kennedy moments after he had claimed victory in the California Democratic presidential primary.
Sirhan is employed by Soledad Prison.
Green tea consumption is associated with decreased risk of breast , pancreatic , colon , oesophageal , and lung cancers in humans.
Tea protects from some diseases.
Continuous tremors rocked Mount St . Helens for 90 minutes overnight , geologists reported Monday , and that sustained activity foretells what could be a volcanic eruption within the next few minutes or months.
Tremors lasted 90 minutes Sunday night.
Tom Jennings is a board certified ophthalmologist.
Tom Jennings is an ophthalmologist.
Hebron , located south of Jerusalem in the Judean hills , is home to approximately 120,000 Arabs , 500 Jews , and three Christians.
Hebron is located in the Judean hills.
Six ships sailed from Nicaragua&#39;s Puerto Cabezas on April 14th , to begin their Bay of Pigs Invasion and to take over the Cuban army and government.
The Bay of Pigs invasion took place on April 14th.
Former Uttar Pradesh minister Amar Mani Tripathi , his wife Madhu Mani and three others are currently in jail in connection with the killing of the poetess.
Madhu Mani is married to Amar Mani Tripathi.
From Les Combes , in the Italian Alps , yesterday , where the Pope is on vacation , the Vatican&#39;s Press Office Director , Joaquin Navarro Valls , responded with a written statement to the accusations made by the Israeli government against Benedict X V I.
Les Combes is located in the Italian Alps.
U . S . officials have been warning for weeks of possible terror attacks against U . S . interests in East Africa , particularly Kenya.
The United States has warned a number of times of possible terrorist attacks in East Africa , specifically Kenya.
On August 15 , I D F A submitted its comments regarding the U . S . Department of Agriculture's ( U S D A ) latest draft of specifications ( known as " Dairy 6 " ) for government purchases of salted butter , cheddar cheese ( blocks ) , American-style cheese ( barrels ) and nonfat dry milk.
A government purchases food.
On June 30 , 1908 , in Siberia the greatest meteorite fall in historic times occurred.
A meteorite fell in Siberia in 1908.
The flagship &#34; Atocha &#34; and eight other ships loaded with treasures went down , together with the crews of 550.
People were killed in a collision between ships.
Peter Clarke , head of the Metropolitan Police anti-terrorist branch , held up the 6.25-litre bucket at a news conference yesterday and appealed to any shopkeepers who might have noticed people buying five or more of the items in recent months.
Peter Clarke commands the Metropolitan Police anti-terrorist branch.
De Klerk was Deputy President of South Africa during the presidency of Nelson Mandela until 1996.
Nelson Mandela was President of South Africa.
The case of the State of California vs . Michael Jackson is finally ready for a trial that promises to be like no other.
The case against Michael Jackson is ready for a trial.
Five U . S . soldiers were killed in the capital and insurgents blasted polling stations across the country.
Five U S soldiers were killed.
E C B spokeswoman , Regina Schueller , declined to comment on a report in Italy&#39;s la Repubblica newspaper that the E C B council will discuss Mr . Fazio&#39;s role in the takeover fight at its Sept.
15 meeting.
Senator Hill and Foreign Affairs Minister Alexander Downer will host the 20th annual A U S M I N ( Australia-United States ministerial consultations ) conference at the Adelaide Town Hall.
Alexander Downer will host a conference.
Thompson's contract with the Dragons has been terminated after he reached an agreement with the club last night.
The Dragons have terminated Thompson's contract.
The United States has threatened to end U . N . peacekeeping in Bosnia unless American personnel are given immunity from prosecution by the new international war-crimes tribunal.
U . N . peacekeeping forces withdrew from Bosnia.
Bush's top election lawyer resigned from the campaign Wednesday after it was revealed that he also was advising Veterans for Truth , a group airing T V ads attacking Kerry's war record and anti-war activism.
One of Bush's election lawyers also advises a group running ads against Kerry.
President Vicente Fox heads into his final year of office Thursday , promising a more democratic , less corrupt and economically stable Mexico.
Vicente Fox is the President of Mexico.
Once a Category 4 hurricane with winds of 145 mph , Frances slowed and weakened to a Category 2 storm as it neared Florida.
After hitting the Florida coast the storm lost some of its power.
Each year the federal government purchases a large volume of food and commodities for its domestic , international , and military programs.
A government purchases food.
A . C . Milan is in second place with 13 points , after two first-half goals from captain Paolo Maldini earned them a 2-1 victory over Reggina.
A . C . Milan played against Reggina.
But years later , testing commissioned by the Innocence Project at Thomas M . Cooley Law School revealed that D N A on a cigarette and some semen-stained undergarments in evidence did not match Wyniemko.
Wyniemko was proven guilty by D N A testing.
Japan's Kyodo news agency said the U S could be ready to set up a liaison office - - the lowest level of diplomatic representation - - in Pyongyang if it abandons its nuclear program.
The Kyodo news agency is based in Japan.
A controversial film directed by the actor Mel Gibson has been criticised by some Jewish groups who claim it blames Jews for the death of Jesus.
A controversial film directed by the actor Mel Gibson which depicts the Crucifixion has opened.
A light blue 1975 Ford Escort G L once owned by Pope John Paul I I sold for $690,000 Saturday to a Houston multimillionaire who said he plans to put it in a museum he wants to build in his hometown.
A Ford Escort sold for $690,000.
Bob Geldof and Ultravox singer Midge Ure are teaming up to re-record the song 20 years after the original topped charts around the world , with proceeds going to famine relief in Ethiopia and Sudan.
Midge Ure said Dominic Mohan approached him and Bob Geldof about re-recording the single.
If destruction of the rainforest continues , global warming will continue to take place.
Destruction of the rainforest affects the world's weather.
F T A A is a huge extension of the principles behind N A F T A , aimed at increasing international government , not strengthening the United States.
N A F T A is a huge extension of F T A A.
Thanks to Frenchman Baron Pierre de Coubertin the first modern Olympics Games took place in Athens in 1896.
The Olympics Games took place in Athens in 1896.
The National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence estimates the move would cut the number of unplanned pregnancies by 70,000 each year.
Unplanned pregnancies rise by 70,000 each year.
Early last month , reform candidate Vicente Fox stunned Mexico and the world by winning the presidency of his country.
Promising economic and political change , the former Coca-Cola executive and his National Action Party ousted the Institutional Revolutionary Party , or P R I , that had ruled Mexico for 71 years.
Nationals of the Republic of Cyprus living there are nonetheless fully European citizens and were entitled to vote at European Parliament elections in 2004 ( though only a few hundred registered ).
There are only a few hundred European citizens.
The party line is that it is working within the system to achieve its goals and this is reflected in the government post currently held by Umberto Bossi ( Minister for Reform ).
Umberto Bossi is the Minister for Reform.
More than 3,300 gay couples have married in San Francisco since the new mayor , Gavin Newsom , announced he would allow gay nuptials two weeks ago.
Same-sex marriages have been performed in San Francisco.
Dan Rather , one of the United States ' most respected news anchormen , has announced he is to retire as the lead of C B S main news programme next year.
One of America's news presenters , Dan Rather , has announced that he is to give up his role as the face of C B S News next year.
Juan Manuel Alvarez who also apparently tried to slash his wrists and stab himself after the wreck , was brought to court in what appeared to be a hospital smock and had bandages on his wrists.
Alvarez wore a hospital patient gown and bandages on his wrists.
Former Celtic striker Henrik Larsson says he will leave Barcelona to return to Sweden next summer - after changing his mind about a new contract.
Henrik Larsson leaves Sweden.
Jewish Agency Chairman Zeev Bielsky believes that the stories about conversion difficulties - such as Jewish soldiers &#39; burial difficulties - that reach former Soviet states have a bad influence on immigration to Israel.
Zeev Bielsky is the head of the Jewish Agency.
Microsoft Corp . and Intel Corp . , on Monday , threw their weight behind the next-generation , H D D V D format being promoted by Toshiba Corp . , in a blow to Sony Corp.&#39;s Blu-ray format.
Intel Corp . is a user of Blu-ray format.
Aki Kaurismaki was born in Orimattila , Finland , on 4th April , 1957.
After studying film , he wrote , produced and directed Saimaailmio ( 1981 ) in Finland.
Blondlot was trying to polarize X-rays when he claimed to have discovered this new form of radiation.
Blondlot discovered x-rays.
By far the greatest proportion of the operational efforts of N A T O and the Western European Union ( W E U ) have already shifted away from collective defense toward this type of activity.
The W E U is the Western European Union.
Specifically , the October 4 , 1994 earthquake ( as the October 12 , 1963 earthquake ) ocurred at the Pacific side boundary of the Kuril arc ( the South Kuril Islands ) of the Okhotsk plate.
An earthquake occurred in 1994.
Soldiers looking for the men , typically those who are considered the front line of the E Z L N , often move into towns under the guise of humanitarian aid workers.
The E Z L N is a humanitarian aid group.
The &#34; absolute prerequisite &#34; for any potential buyer , &#34; is a view that some of Knight Ridder&#39;s depressed markets can grow again , &#34; Doug Arthur , newspaper analyst at Morgan Stanley , wrote in a recent report.
Doug Arthur is a potential buyer of Knight Ridder.
In announcing plans today to prepare the nation for combating a future worldwide wave of bird flu , President Bush used vocabulary and tactics that are familiar from his confrontation with global terrorism.
President Bush plans a confrontation with global terrorism.
Crater Lake is the deepest lake in the United States , the second deepest in the Western Hemisphere , and the seventh deepest in the world , dropping downward to 1,932 feet just southeast of Merriam Cone.
Crater Lake is the deepest lake in the world.
While they did not find any association between cancer rates and consumption of caffeinated coffee or tea , people who regularly drank two or more cups per day of decaffeinated coffee had about half the incidence of rectal cancer as those who never drank decaf.
Tea protects from some diseases.
The Hebron District is located in the southernmost portion of the West Bank , 36 km south of Jerusalem City.
Hebron is located in Jerusalem City.
But years later , testing commissioned by the Innocence Project at Thomas M . Cooley Law School revealed that D N A on a cigarette and some semen-stained undergarments in evidence did not match Wyniemko.
Wyniemko attented the Thomas M . Cooley Law School.
The M I T Press Bookstore stocks most of the books and journals published by The M I T Press as well as the best of other publishers &#39; books in related fields.
The M I T is a bookstore.
The largest of these is the Lombard League , which was founded by Umberto Bossi in 1984.
Umberto Bossi is the founder of the Lombard League.
Even today , within the deepest recesses of our mind , lies a primordial fear that will not allow us to enter the sea without thinking about the possibility of being attacked by a shark.
A shark attacked a human being.
In a 1982 interview with Newsweek , Kennedy&#39;s personal secretary , Evelyn Lincoln , stated that Kennedy decided to install a taping system following the failure of the Bay of Pigs invasion.
The Bay of Pigs invasion took place in 1982.
The Government's new policies give more weight to reducing the adverse impact of trunk roads on the environment , including reducing greenhouse gas emissions and pollutants from trunk road traffic.
The government took measures to reduce pollution.
The head of the U S Democratic Party has lambasted Mankiw , and suggested that he be outsourced to India.
Jobs were outsourced to India.
All that changed in 1922 , when Tutankhamun&#39;s tomb was discovered by Egyptologist Howard Carter on behalf of his patron Lord Carnarvon.
Tutankhamun&#39;s Tomb was unearthed by Howard Carter and Lord Carnarvon.
Since it saw the light of day in 2004 , Katamari Damacy has gone on to become one of the biggest cult hits in the history of video games.
Katamari Damacy has become a big hit.
Commissioner Gary Bettman announced Wednesday that players will be locked out starting Thursday , leaving the upcoming season in jeopardy.
Commissioner Gary Bettman voted to officially lock out the players.
Formerly the Valdez Principles , the C E R E S Principles for environmentally sound business practices were drafted by the Coalition for Environmentally Responsible Economies.
The Valdez Principles are principles for environmentally sound business practices.
At the recent 13th Annual Medicine Meets Virtual Reality Conference in Long Beach , Calif.
, researchers discussed the development of new technologies using virtual reality to treat soldiers returning from Iraq with posttraumatic stress disorder and to provide those being deployed with stress inoculation training.
A group of elders visited him after his brother , Vietnam veteran Dan Shermock , died in July 2004 , Shermock said.
Dan Shermock comes from Vietnam.
But this kind of technology would eventually replace transistors , just as they replaced vacuum tubes and vacuum tubes replaced electromagnetic relays , said the H P team.
Transistors replaced vacuum tubes.
Since December 10th , six people have lost their lives in avalanches.
Humans died in an avalanche.
The nightmare of human disaster in Rwanda in 1994 , after U N Peacekeeping Forces withdrew , shocked us into questioning the whole concept of peacekeeping.
U N peacekeeping forces withdrew from Bosnia.
Sometimes when the moon is close to the horizon the atmosphere causes the moon to look orange-red in color , or clouds or smoke can darken the moon.
The moon turns orange because when it is close to the horizon the atmosphere causes the moon to look orange-red in color.
The narcotics mafia carries out reprisals against its opponents ; the minister of justice , a member of the supreme court , a director of the biggest newspaper Espectador , and , a few days ago , Antonio Roldan Betancur , governor of the department of Antioquia were killed.
Antonio Roldan Betancur opposed the narcotics mafia.
Algerian President Abdelaziz Bouteflika said Wednesday in a statement that &#34; these cowardly hostage-takers have assassinated our two representatives in Baghdad &#34; as the Algerian government is doing its utmost to seek their release.
President Abdelaziz Bouteflika heads the Algerian government.
Palestinian militants resumed rocket and mortar fire at Jewish settlements in Gaza , signaling tough challenges ahead for Abbas and his call for a truce to help revive peace talks aimed at creating a Palestinian state.
Hamas militants fired rockets at Jewish settlements in Gaza.
When an earthquake rumbled off the coast of Hokkaido in Japan in July of 1993 , the resulting tsunami hit just three to five minutes later , killing 202 people who were trying to flee for higher ground.
An earthquake occurred on the coast of Hokkaido , Japan.
Microsoft is , undeniably , a company with monopoly power.
Microsoft holds a monopoly power.
Antiemetic drugs are drugs used to combat nausea and vomiting.
Drugs are used to combat schizophrenia.
The Philippines is one of the major crossroads in the eastern hemisphere , as it&#39;s home to over 100 ethnic groups and hundreds of language dialects.
The Philippines is in the eastern hemisphere.
C E R N has now grown to include 20 member states and enjoys the active participation of many other countries world-wide.
C E R N has 20 member states.
Thomas , who captained Wales to the 2005 Grand Slam and skippered the Welsh side against New Zealand in Cardiff last Saturday , now plays for French champions Toulouse.
Thomas captained the Welsh side.
So far Sony B M G has not released a list of how many CDs are protected or how many have been sold.
Sony B M G has released a list of protected CDs.
Jane Hali , who runs retail and merchandise consulting at New York-based Coleman Research Group , cited items such as a $14.94 Metro 7 beaded camisole and $28.50 George brocade coat as examples of improvements in apparel since last holiday season.
Coleman Research Group provides retail and merchandise consulting.
A head-on collision between a Dhaka bound bus and a motorcycle left three people dead at Gangabardi area on the Faridpur-Khulna Highway on September 26.
People were killed in a collision between ships.
The earthquake was felt throughout northern Japan , including Hokkaido&#39;s largest city , Sapporo , and Kushiro , on the island&#39;s eastern shore , but no reports of serious damage have been received.
An earthquake occurred in Hokkaido.
Mahmoud al-Zahar , a Hamas leader in Gaza , said so explicitly , dismissing Mr . Abbas&#39;s arguments : &#34; History has proven that the rockets have been in the Palestinian interest &#34;.
Mahmoud al-Zahar is a member of Hamas.
Lleyton Hewitt kept his dream of an Australian Open title alive with a four-set win over Andy Roddick in Friday&#39;s second semi-final.
Andy Roddick had lost a four-setter.
American manufacturers contend that China's decade-long practice of keeping its currency valued at around 8.28 yuan to the dollar , has resulted in the Chinese currency being undervalued by as much as 40 percent , giving the Chinese a huge competitive advantage.
The currency used in China is the yuan.
&#34; Hamlet &#34; ( 1969 ) starring Nicol Williamson ( not to mention Anthony Hopkins ) and directed by Tony Richardson , was a low-budget film that was shot while the actors were simultaneously doing a theatre version.
Nicol Williamson directed &#34; Hamlet &#34;.
Shia pilgrims converge on Karbala twice a year to mark the death of Hussein , the Prophet Muhammad&#39;s grandson , 1,300 years ago.
The Prophet Muhammed died in Karbala.
Investors disappointed with lower-than-expected earnings from Amazon.com Inc . and low productivity gains from U . S . workers pushed stocks lower Thursday , ending Wall Street&#39;s three-day string of gains.
Stocks finished lower Thursday.
On September 5 , 1997 , Athens was selected as the host city of the 2004 Olympic Games.
The games took place in Greece from August 13 - 29 in 2004.
The declaration was the first from PepsiCo to damp speculation , after two weeks of press reports and mounting concern from politicians , including French President Jacques Chirac , that Paris-based Danone would be acquired.
Danone headquarters are located in Paris.
This stimulates the interest of Russian oil companies to the construction of an oil pipeline from Western Siberia to the Pacific Ocean.
An oil pipeline in Siberia was ruptured.
The government thereby perpetuates our continued dependence on fuels that are environmentally and economically unsustainable.
The government took measures to protect the environment.
Lt . Jim Bowell of the Butler Township Fire Department said the 4:45 a.m . accident set fire to about 100 yards of woods.
Jim Bowell is engaged by the Butler Township Fire Department.
A study of more than 90,000 Japanese found that people who drank coffee daily or nearly every day had half the liver cancer risk of those who never drank coffee.
The protective effect occurred in people who drank one to two cups a day and increased at three to four cups.
Launched in 1990 and still going strong , Ulysses is the first spacecraft ever to pass over the polar regions of the Sun.
The Ulysses spacecraft was launched in 1990.
The recent collision between a Super Ferry and a smaller ship that killed at least 38 people has once again put the spotlight on the Philippine Coast Guard.
People were killed in a collision between ships.
Nixon was impeached and became the first president ever to resign on August 9th 1974.
Nixon was the first president ever to resign.
Donald Trump's casino empire filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection after months of negotiations with bondholders over restructuring a crushing debt.
Trump's casino operation has filed for bankruptcy protection due to the accumulation of debt.
The most ardent advocates of this panacea are U S secretary of state Colin Powell , European Union foreign affairs executive Javier Solana , the Israeli foreign minister Shimon Peres , Arafat&#39;s close financial adviser Muhammed Rashid and Ariel Sharon&#39;s new chef de bureau Dov Weisglass.
Javier Solana is the Israeli foreign minister.
A report from U N A I D S , the Joint United Nations Program on HIV/ A I D S , released on Tuesday , shows the number of adults and children living with H I V reached 39.4 million in 2004.
There is an estimated 39.4 million people living with H I V.
The State Department is making the unusual offer of giving expedited visas to the Cuban sons of Iraq war hero Sgt . Carlos Lazo so they can visit him in the United States , people familiar with the case said Friday.
Sgt . Carlos Lazo worked for Iraq.
Maricopa County Superior Court Judge Lindsay Ellis also ordered Miss Bickel to pay $5,500 in restitution to Miss Tomazin&#39;s family and to perform 40 hours per week of community service indefinitely.
Lindsay Ellis occupies a post at the Superior Court.
Umberto Bossi , leader of the Northern League , said Brussels was &#34; transforming vices into virtues &#34; and &#34; advancing the cause of atheism every day &#34;.
Umberto Bossi is the leader of the Northern League.
Israeli security forces have arrested several Palestinian suspects in the July 31 bombing at Jerusalem&#39;s Hebrew University in which nine people , including five Americans , were killed , Israel Radio said Wednesday.
The radio said the suspects were also responsible for a suicide bomb attack March 9 at Jerusalem&#39;s Moment Cafe in which 11 Israelis were killed.
Club officials , particularly in discussions between Bledsoe and Coach Mike Mularkey last week , afforded the classy veteran the opportunity to consider returning to the team as a backup , and at a reduced salary.
Mularkey offered Bledsoe the chance to remain in Buffalo and serve as Losman&#39;s mentor and backup.
Once you have your rental car or motorcycle , take off , ride around the Trodos mountains , or get lost on a desolate Mediterranean highway.
Nicosia - A K A Lefkosia.
Hollywood studios said Thursday they will file hundreds of lawsuits later this month against individuals who swap pirated copies of movies over the Internet.
Hollywood studios are to sue people who swap pirated copies of films over the internet.
Drinking four or five cups of green tea a day can help protect against cancer and heart disease , aid in weight loss , ease arthritis and chronic pain and even help prevent Alzheimer&#39;s disease.
Tea protects from some diseases.
Henry might be the world record holder and Olympic gold medalist , but Coughlin is America&#39;s fastest swimmer ever in this event and has showed time and time again that she&#39;s not afraid to step up and race the best in the world.
Coughlin is the fastest swimmer in the world.
David McCool took the money and decided to start Muzzy Lane in 2002.
David McCool is the founder of Muzzy Lane.
Joachim Johansson held off a dramatic fightback from defending champion Andy Roddick to reach the semi-finals of the U S Open on Thursday night.
Andy Roddick lost to Joachim Johansson in a U . S . Open match Thursday.
Of the over 400 different species of sharks found in the world's oceans , only about 30 have been reported to ever attack a human.
A shark attacked a human being.
Mansfield attempted to list every vessel that ever sailed the Lakes before 1899 , as well as every shipwreck.
Shipwreck salvaging was attempted.
The six defendants in the case are former Assistant Auditor Terri Webster , former Human Resources Director Cathy Lexin , former Treasurer Mary Vattimo , city management analyst Sharon Wilkinson , Municipal Employees Association Vice President John Torres and City Firefighters Local 145 President Ron Saathoff.
Mary Vattimo was involved in the city management.
German Chancellor-designate Angela Merkel and Social Democrat leaders reached a coalition agreement calling for a higher value-added tax and 25 billion euros ( $29.3 billion ) in new domestic spending.
Angela Merkel leads the Social Democrats.
When it was revealed that under her government , irregular special forces , possibly including the Hezbollah , were illegally financed to fight the P K K , Ciller reacted by saying she had done no wrong and would do the same again.
A French political party was illegally financed.
In a stunning setback for Bill Gates ' software empire , the judge in the Microsoft antitrust trial ruled yesterday that the software giant is a monopoly that wielded its power to stifle competition.
Microsoft holds a monopoly power.
In the Gaza Strip , seven Palestinians were killed by Israeli army fire in two separate incidents Saturday , two days after Palestinian militants killed six Israeli civilians at a Gaza cargo crossing.
Six Israelis were killed in an attack at a Gaza Strip crossing.
The original Band Aid featured artists including Duran Duran , U2 , Sting and George Michael , selling 3.5 million copies in the U K alone to raise money for the Ethiopia famine.
Many of the original acts , including George Michael , will appear on the new record.
In Rwanda there were on average 8,000 victims per day for about 100 days.
There were 800,000 victims of the massacres in Rwanda.
Ukraine's election commission declared the Kremlin-backed prime minister , Viktor Yanukovych , the winner of the country's bitterly disputed presidential election , sharpening a crisis sparked by the opposition candidate&#39;s allegations that the vote was fraudulent.
The Election Commission announced that Viktor Yanukovich has won Ukraine's presidential election.
If Bush wins West Virginia , one of the state&#39;s five Republican electors says he might not vote for Bush to protest the president&#39;s economic and foreign policies.
Kerry has said he still stands by the vote to give Bush the authority to invade Iraq.
Japan and Russia reportedly have agreed to study the possibility of constructing an oil pipeline connecting Angarsk in eastern Siberia to Russia&#39;s Pacific Coast port of Nakhodka.
An oil pipeline in Siberia was ruptured.
The government repudiates these irrational and criminal actions and the terrorist attack carried out on the 30th of October by the F M L N against the armed forces staff installations , where 1 civilian died and 14 others were wounded.
It is evident that these actions are part of a plot whose objective is to block the dialogue initiated by president Alfredo Cristiani.
Zotov said that Russia would agree to the complete withdrawal of its troops from Latvia by August 31 , 1994 if Latvia allowed Russia to use the Skrunda radar for the next four years and dismantle it within the following 18 months.
Russian troops withdrew from Latvia.
To protect Tibet's ecological environment , the government exercises a " felling by quota " policy , and strictly controls the scale of tree-felling in forests.
The government took measures to protect the environment.
Jackson , 46 , is set to face trial in late January on 10 charges that include felony conspiracy with 28 overt acts involving child abduction , False imprisonment and extortion.
Jackson is set to face trial in January for allegedly molesting a boy.
Most of the open tombs in the Valley of the Kings are located in the East Valley , and this is where most tourists can be found.
The Valley of the Kings is located in the East Valley.
Thomas , who captained Wales to the 2005 Grand Slam and skippered the Welsh side against New Zealand in Cardiff last Saturday , now plays for French champions Toulouse.
Thomas plays for French champions.
Scottish , Welsh and Northern Irish MPs will be barred from voting on English laws if Conservative leadership hopeful , David Davis , becomes prime minister.
David Davis becomes prime minister.
Leo Fender invented the first electric guitar and the electric bass guitar.
Leo Fender invented the first electric guitar.
The C F A P purchases food stamp coupons from the federal government and distributes them to eligible recipients.
A government purchases food.
One of the main treatments used to combat the symptoms of mental illness is medication in various forms.
Drugs are used to combat schizophrenia.
In the mid-1970s , scientists first noticed that chlorine produced in the atmosphere from human-made CFCs and similar chemicals had the potential to destroy ozone and damage the ozone layer.
The ozone hole was first noticed in the mid-1970s.
The White House acknowledged on Monday that Bush&#39;s plan to add private accounts to the Social Security retirement system would add tens of billions of dollars to the nation&#39;s budget deficit starting in fiscal 2009.
Bush&#39;s budget allows younger workers to set up private accounts.
Worn by all popes in the last 800 years , the Fisherman&#39;s Ring is a gold ring bearing an image of St . Peter casting his net from a boat , encircled by the current pope&#39;s name.
The pope&#39;s name is Peter.
Mugabe arrived in Beijing on Saturday and toured the northeastern province of Jilin , visiting the headquarters of First Automotive Works Group , China&#39;s top vehicle maker.
Mugabe is visiting Beijing.
With over 250 Shakespeare movies produced , Shakespeare film adaptations such as Baz Luhrman&#39;s &#34; Romeo and Juliet &#34; , the Shakespeare inspired &#34; Shakespeare in Love &#34; and the more recent &#34; Hamlet 2000 &#34; , prove that Shakespeare film adaptations and movies retain their enduring appeal.
&#34; Hamlet &#34; was directed by Baz Luhrman.
Two car bombs explode near a police station outside of Baghdad&#39;s Green Zone , killing seven police officers and wounding about 60 others.
A pair of car bombs explode near government offices in Baghdad.
The raid Friday on the Abu Hanifa mosque left three people dead and was followed by a wave of attacks in several parts of Baghdad.
The raid just after Friday prayers left three people dead.
The head of the Italian opposition , Romano Prodi , was the last president of the European Commission.
Romano Prodi is a former president of the European Commission.
Yoko Ono Lennon ( born February 18 , 1933 in Tokyo , Japan ) is a Japanese-born American musician and artist.
She currently resides in New York City.
This installation of the two objects took place in Znojile , a mountain village with less than 15 inhabitants in Slovenia.
Slovenia has 15 inhabitants.
The R O E printed here were issued by General Jean Cot , then commander of U . N . forces , and were intended to establish the conditions under which the forces could use their weapons as they carry out the U . N . peacekeeping mission in Bosnia.
U . N . peacekeeping forces withdrew from Bosnia.
In the past decade , El Nino has been more frequent in Alaska , noticed especially in Juneau.
Between the 1950s and 1970s , El Nino usually occurred once every 8-10 years.
Samir Geagea , the only Lebanese warlord punished for his role in the 1975-90 civil war , left jail after 11 years on Tuesday in a step toward reconciliation after the end of the Syrian tutelage Samir Geagea bitterly opposed.
Samir Geagea supports Syrian tutelage.
When replacing a single tooth , an implant has an advantage over fixed bridgework in that healthy teeth adjacent to the missing tooth do not have to be prepped ( drilled down ).
Tooth implants have advantages.
Did the media pounce upon the religion of Jurgen Schneider , the developer who went bankrupt and fled Germany owing billions of DMs to Deutsche Bank and others , as the cause of his downfall.
Jurgen Schneider went bankrupt.
Salvadoran Social Democratic politician Hector Oqueli Colindres was kidnapped today , in Guatemala city , along with Guatemalan Social Democratic leader Gilda Flores , his party , in Mexico City , reported.
Gilda Flores has been kidnapped in Mexico city.
Yasser Arafat has lapsed into a coma in a French hospital , a senior Palestinian official said Thursday , a day after the Palestinian leader was rushed to intensive care following a sharp deterioration in his health.
Arafat was taken to intensive care after his condition worsened.
Italy&#39;s Alberto Tomba pulled out of the 2nd race.
Alberto Tomba won a ski race.
Exports of cars , which used to be the main product , had by then decreased to 250 million euro.
Cars exported by Japan decreased.
According to the &#34; Current Production Statistics Survey &#34; of M E T I , the index of industrial production of Japan in 2002 decreased 1.4% from the previous year to 91.9.
Cars exported by Japan decreased.
X-rays and radioactivity had been discovered just a decade earlier , and some years before that Hertz had discovered radio waves.
Hertz discovered X-rays.
Microsoft Corp . , on Thursday , posted higher quarterly earnings as revenue rose 12 percent , but its shares fell after the world&#39;s largest software market said current quarter sales would fall below Wall Street expectations.
Microsoft showed revenue growth.
An earthquake has hit the east coast of Hokkaido , Japan , with a magnitude of 7.0 Mw.
An earthquake occurred on the east coast of Hokkaido.
Recognized as the eighth deepest lake in the world ( and second deepest in the United States ) , Lake Tahoe measures 1,645 feet at its deepest recorded depth , and averages just under 1,000 feet.
Lake Tahoe is the deepest lake in the world.
The Longuet and Leotard Affairs ( 1996 ) concern both personal privileges for , and illegal financing of , the Republican Party leaders.
A French political party was illegally financed.
Officials in Arnold Schwarzenegger&#39;s Austrian hometown of Graz have removed his name from a football stadium in an ongoing row over the U S death penalty.
Arnold Schwarzenegger faces the death penalty.
To prevent avalanche accidents and help people make good decisions in avalanche terrain , the Canadian Avalanche Centre ( C A C ) , avalanche professionals and many volunteers in over 30 Canadian communities , share their expertise to help people keep safe in the mountains during Avalanche Awareness Days presented by Canadian Pacific Railway.
Humans died in an avalanche.
This is good news for Gaelic translators , as the E U will have to churn out official documents in this language , in addition to the 20 other official E U languages.
There are 20 official E U languages.
East Timor's Prime Minister says he expects within two months to announce a deal with Australia on developing a disputed oil and gas field.
East Timor expects a deal with Australia.
The provisions of the Treaty were complemented by a Stability and growth pact ( adopted by the Amsterdam European Council in June 1997 ) which maintains budgetary discipline even after the beginning of the third stage by requiring Member States participating in monetary union to draw up and submit stability programmes to maintain medium-term budgetary equilibrium.
The European Monetary Union started in June 1997.
With agoraphobia there is widespread avoidance and restriction of activities and places.
Agoraphobia is a widespread disorder.
Ministers are still deadlocked over plans to ban smoking in pubs , clubs and all enclosed public spaces in England.
English ministers are united on the smoking ban.
Just what is the cause of cancer.
The cause of cancer is not bacteria , the cause of cancer is not a virus , and the cause of cancer is not a fungus.
Insurgents exposed the vulnerability of Iraq&#39;s security forces again Sunday , killing at least 22 national guardsmen and their driver in a suicide bombing and 10 other people in separate attacks with elections just weeks away.
A suicide bomber blew up his vehicle killing at least 14 people.
However , while admitting these positive factors , it is also True that the British historians distorted Indian history on some most essential points.
Indian history was rewritten.
She is the second woman mayor killed this week by alleged commando groups of the Maoist Shining Path.
A woman mayor is an alleged member of Maoist Shining Path.
The company , whose registered auditors are Deloitte &#38; Touche , has instructed Ernst &#38; Young to carry out a thorough review of the accounts of Eurest Support Services , a subsidiary which feeds U N peacekeepers in at least eight countries.
Ernst &#38; Young feeds U N peacekeepers.
Zanzibar , the Indian Ocean island paradise favoured by thousands of tourists each year , was racked by violence yesterday after heavily armed security forces fired teargas and rubber bullets at scores of demonstrators who claimed that elections had been rigged.
Zanzibar is situated in the Indian Ocean.
Belize is located between the Hondo and Sarstoon Rivers , with the Belize River flowing down in the centre of the country.
Belize located between the Hondo and Sarstoon Rivers.
Most linguistically diverse countries only award the official status to one or two core languages : The E U distinguishes between procedural and official languages.
There are two official E U languages.
Asked whether economic conditions or terrorism would be more important to their vote this fall , 65% in the survey said economic conditions , and only 26% said terrorism.
A majority of voters said the economy was more important to their vote than terrorism.
According to the criminal complaint , Van Meeteren operated a business called Mental Health Professionals in International Falls.
Van Meeteren was the manager of Mental Health Professionals.
Visiting the Pakistani capital , the American Assistant Secretary of State for South Asia , Christina Rocca , praised Pakistan for its contribution to the US-led war on terrorism.
Assistant Secretary of State met with Pakistani officials to discuss the global war on terror.
One of the most important archeological finds of all time , King Tutankhamun&#39;s tomb was discovered in 1923 by Howard Carter , a British Egyptologist , who was financed in his expedition by Lord Carnarvon himself , an ailing gentleman keen on Egyptology.
Tutankhamun&#39;s Tomb was unearthed by Howard Carter and Lord Carnarvon.
The government of El Salvador strongly condemns the terrorist attacks carried out with explosives today against The Committee of Mothers of Political Prisoners and Missing in El Salvador and against The Salvadoran Workers National Union Federation.
The Committee of Mothers of Political Prisoners and Missing was bombed.
Leaders of international groups and countries Wednesday condemned the assassination of two Algerian diplomats by al-Qaida&#39;s wing in Iraq.
Al-Qaida has its headquarters in Iraq.
The chip will run at speeds of greater than 4 GHz , the firms said.
Cell is said to run at clock speeds greater than 4 gigahertz.
Virtual reality is used to train surgeons , pilots , astronauts , police officers , first-responders , and soldiers.
Soldiers are trained using virtual reality.
Newcastle chairman Freddy Shepherd has questioned how serious Liverpool boss Rafael Benitez was in his attempts to re-sign Michael Owen in the summer.
Rafael Benitez resigns as Liverpool boss.
Since they are permanently , surgically anchored in the jawbone , implants offer impressive advantages over other tooth replacement options.
Tooth implants have advantages.
One of them is the 1908 Tunguska event in Siberia , known as the Tunguska meteorite fall.
A meteorite fell in Tunguska in Siberia in 1908.
Story Teller , an installation by Tom Jennings , is an experimental narrative about British mathematician/code breaker Alan Turing , told using obsolete media - - perforated paper tape , teletype , phoneme-speech , glowing phosphors and ink-on-paper.
Tom Jennings is a mathematician.
Saturn&#39;s moon Titan is covered by &#34; dirty &#34; ice ridges and seas of liquid natural gas , a team of scientists said on Friday after a week of research into data from the space probe Huygens.
Rain feeds river channels on the surface of Saturn&#39;s moon Titan , images from the Huygens probe show.
The fact that so many children travel a long distance to school had also resulted in a sharp increase in agoraphobia , a fear of open spaces.
Agoraphobia is a widespread disorder.
Volcanic earthquakes that normally occurred less than five times per day , occurred 81 times on the 15th of November.
There was an increase in volcanic activity.
Even before Mosaic , the N C S A had created , back in 1985 , software &#34; clients &#34; for P C S and Macs , called Telnet , to allow people to access and use computers connected to the Internet as if the user were locally based.
Telnet created the internet browser Mosaic.
Some environmentalists also argue that Genetic Modification foods will not alleviate hunger at all.
Genetic Modification technology provides a solution to hunger.
Because Redgrave's clamorous political opinions have intruded on her professional life over the last several decades , and , as Winer recounted in her May 11 column , some cultural producers took it upon themselves to decide that ( Redgrave's ) outspoken support of the Palestine Liberation Organization made her unsuited for employment in this country.
Redgrave supports the Palestine Liberation Organization.
Kerry said Wednesday night that Bush bears responsibility for a misguided war in Iraq , lost jobs at home and mounting millions without health care.
Kerry said 5 million people had lost their health care.
Temporary help firms added 32,000 and education and health care services gained 13,000 jobs last month.
Service industries such as education and health care added 46,000 jobs.
The next year East Germany helped found the Warsaw Pact , the Soviet answer to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( N A T O ) , and in 1956 East Germany formed an army.
East Germany helped found the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( N A T O ).
The collision had taken place in a spot on Andrea Doria that had much passenger accommodation.
About fifty people were killed in the collision.
Mugabe&#39;s visit to China comes at a time he is increasingly isolated from the West over policy differences including his government&#39;s forcible redistribution of white-owned commercial farms to blacks.
Mugabe canceled his visit to China.
On the other hand , export of passenger cars itself will fall mainly because of slowing in the U S economy and increased local production by Japanese companies notably in Europe.
Cars exported by Japan decreased.
The death toll of a fire that roared through a packed Buenos Aires nightclub climbed on Friday to at least 175 , with more than 700 injured as young revellers stampeded to reach locked exit doors.
At least 174 had been killed and more than 410 people injured.
Moreover , this official denied that Jubiz Hazvumb , captured on the 22nd of August by Colombian authorities for his alleged involvement in the murder of senator and presidential candidate Luis Carlos Galan , was an Israeli citizen.
Luis Carlos Calan murdered Jubiz Hazvumb.
Deputy state department spokesman Adam Ereli said the U S had long assumed that North Korea had a nuclear capability , and stressed the importance of the six-party talks.
The U S has said it hopes to persuade North Korea to return to multi-party talks.
Exhausted survivors of southern Asia&#39;s giant earthquake and tsunami combed the rubble for food and belongings Tuesday as officials stepped up efforts to identify and bury the dead , whose numbers topped 60,000.
Survivors still wandered amid rubble looking for food that had not arrived.
His old enemies joined calls for his release after Hariri&#39;s killing fuelled opposition to Syria.
Hariri was buried in Syria.
For example , Nelson Mandela was considered a &#34; terrorist &#34; by the U S government during &#34; apartheid &#34; South Africa.
Did the U S &#34; corporament &#34; support &#34; apartheid &#34; South Africa.
Bush was the managing general partner of the Texas Rangers baseball team from 1989-1994.
In 1994 he was elected governor of Texas , and he was reelected in 1998.
A 100-foot diameter asteroid will pass within 26,500 miles of Earth , the closest-ever brush on record by a space rock , N A S A astronomers said.
An asteroid with a diameter of 100 feet will pass close by Earth , astronomers said.
In an unusually candid admission , the federal chief of A I D S research says he believes drug companies don&#39;t have an incentive to create a vaccine for H I V and are likely to wait to profit from it after the government develops one.
Drug companies create a vaccine for H I V.
President Bush said Miers is the most qualified candidate for the job , and Mrs . Bush agreed : &#34; Absolutely.
Absolutely.
The explosion wounded the arm of Beatriz Iero , damaged the doors and walls of the offices , and broke the windows of neighboring buildings.
Beatriz Iero was injured in an explosion.
Google co-founders Sergey Brin and Larry Page apparently have settled on a Boeing 767 as their personal jet.
Sergey Brin is a partner of Larry Page.
SpleEn is a software application for the Macintosh computer developed using Think C and D S P Designer.
Think C developed the Macintosh computer.
In 1831 , Ibrahim Pasha of Egypt took over Hebron until 1840.
Hebron is located in Egypt.
The Macintosh , commonly called the Mac for short , is a line of personal computers designed , developed , manufactured and marketed by Apple Computer , running the Macintosh operating system.
Apple Computer developed the Macintosh computer.
Former South African president Nelson Mandela has criticised U S President George W . Bush over Iraq , saying the sole reason for a possible US-led attack would be to gain control of Iraqi oil.
Former South African President Nelson Mandela aimed criticism at President Bush.
Family members told media that Keri Davies , 29 , was killed and that his American partner , Kristina Miller , 26 , was missing.
Kristina Miller is an American citizen.
Insurgent attacks on pipelines have brought oil exports from southern Iraq to a complete halt , a senior oil official said Monday , part of a rebel campaign to undermine the nation&#39;s post-war reconstruction efforts.
Insurgents have launched attacks on Iraq's oil industry.
U S rounds up 400 Saddam diehards as group claims anti- U S attacks in Iraq.
U S rounded up 400 people in Iraq.
Russian cosmonauts Vladimir Dezhurov and Mikhail Tyurin are preparing for a space walk.
Vladimir Dezhurov is a Russian cosmonaut.
A jammed flood gate forced the temporary evacuation of hundreds of people who live downstream from Lake Manatee as the swollen reservoir threatened to burst its banks following torrential rains.
Hundreds of people living downstream from a lake evacuated.
Typically , hardware components located in a shelter are best trained using a virtual environment training system whereas conceptual information is best delivered using more traditional two dimensional training techniques.
Soldiers are trained using virtual reality.
The Hong Kong government said the case was its first successful action against peer-to-peer file sharing.
The maximum penalty is four years ' jail and a hefty fine.
The original Band Aid featured artists including Duran Duran , U2 , Sting and George Michael , selling 3.5 million copies in the U K alone to raise money for the Ethiopia famine.
The first Band Aid record was recorded in 1984 and featured artists including Duran Duran , U2 , and George Michael.
For the first time , Congress took measures to reduce airborne toxins , acid rain and the depletion of the ozone layer.
The government took measures to reduce pollution.
At least 50 animals died in a late December avalanche.
Humans died in an avalanche.
Two car bombs explode near a police station outside of Baghdad&#39;s Green Zone , killing seven police officers and wounding about 60 others.
60 people are killed when a car bomb explodes near a police station in Baghdad.
In the Superman canon , White is the editor of the Daily Planet , the newspaper where the Man of Steel's alter ego , Clark Kent , works as a mild-mannered reporter.
Clark Kent works for the Daily Planet newspaper.
She joined the E G T A ( European Group of Television Advertising ) for a short period and has been working for Eurocare since March 2002.
Eurocare is a group of television advertising.
American commanders moved their oversight of air operations in the region on Monday from here to a similar command center the U . S . built at the al-Udeid base in Qatar shortly before the Iraq war.
The U S military moved its air command centre to the al-Udeid air base in Qatar.
Twenty-five-year-old Abdullah Yahia and three other members of the G I A brandished their AK-47 automatic weapons and demanded cooperation from the passengers and flight crew.
The G I A hijacked an Air France Airbus.
De Klerk ran a largely ceremonial and uncompetitive South-African presidential campaign against Mandela , in which Mandela was soundly elected.
Nelson Mandela was President of South Africa.
Keevil , a graduate of Oxford and Harvard universities , began his career in New York at Morgan Stanley , the second-biggest U . S . securities firm by market value.
He is a dual citizen of the U . K . and U . S.
Reporter Luis Morales , who works for an Ayacucho regional organization , reported that five unidentified individuals attempted to kidnap him , but he luckily escaped.
Luis Morales was kidnapped by five unidentified individuals.
The continuity in Slovenian politics is striking : Drnovek became Prime Minister in 1992 , and won a second term in 1996 ; he was in opposition for six-months in mid-2000 , but again returned to the post after his coalition won October elections.
Drnovek became Prime Minister of Slovenia in 1992.
Never before had ski racing , a sport dominated by monosyllabic mountain men , seen the likes of Alberto Tomba , the flamboyant Bolognese flatlander who at 21 captured two gold medals at the Calgary Olympics.
Alberto Tomba won a ski race.
The European Commission , on Tuesday , warned Bulgaria and Romania that their accession to the E U could be delayed until 2008 if they fail to take urgent action to fight corruption and speed up reforms.
The European commission blocks the Romanian accession to the E U.
Kerry said Bush lied to Nevadans about his Republican administration's determination to build a nuclear waste dump at Yucca Mountain.
Kerry says Bush lied about Yucca Mt.
A militant group beheaded three Iraqi Kurdish hostages , showing the killings in a videotape posted on a Web site yesterday , while another group announced that it had kidnapped at least 15 Iraqi National Guardsmen.
A group claimed to have kidnapped 15 members of the Iraqi National Guard.
U . S . troops went on the offensive from the gates of Baghdad to the Syrian border Tuesday , pounding Sunni insurgent positions from the air and supporting Iraqi soldiers in raids on mosques suspected of harboring extremists.
Iraqi forces , backed by U . S . soldiers , launched a series of raids on mosques.
On Monday Pakistan Prime Minister Jamali made a 10-minute telephone call to India's Prime Minister Vajpayee in a move Islamabad said had ended an 18-month impasse between the two sides.
Prime Minister Jamali of Pakistan called his Indian counterpart , Vajpayee.
Exports to Japan decreased by 24 per cent while imports from Japan increased by 4 per cent.
Cars exported by Japan decreased.
Roger Federer posted a huge win in the howling wind , beating two-time champion Andre Agassi 6-3 , 2-6 , 7-5 , 3-6 , 6-3 Thursday in a U . S . Open quarterfinal match suspended the previous night because of rain.
Andre Agassi is keen to continue playing despite defeat to Roger Federer in the U S Open quarter-finals on Thursday.
A roadside bomb that injured six U . S . soldiers in eastern Afghanistan , was followed by a blast near a Kabul police station , Monday , that hurt two police officers and a civilian.
A police station is based in Kabul.
This ( revised ) Convention shall enter into force six months after the date on which four States , including at least three member States of the Council of Europe , have expressed their consent to be bound by the ( revised ) Convention in accordance with the provisions of the preceding paragraphs.
The Council of Europe is made up by 3 member states.
The leader of Iraq's largest Sunni Arab political party Saturday proposed 15 amendments to the country's draft constitution , one day after Shiite Muslim and Kurdish leaders said they had made their last , best offer.
Shiites and Kurds made what they said was a final offer.
Whenever job opportunities with E U institutions arise , these are open to E U citizens who can speak 2 ( or more ) official E U languages.
There are 2 official E U languages.
The G I A has , however , proven remarkably successful in carrying out high-visibility attacks.
Most notable of these was the December 24 , 1995 hijacking of an Air France Airbus 300 while is was on the tarmac at the Algiers airport.
U . S . planned job cuts dropped by 15 percent in January and below the 100,000 level for the first time since August 2004 , a report said on Tuesday.
U . S . planned job cuts fell in January.
In the Late 1970&#39;s Ruiz came into contact with a group of mostly young Marxists , fleeing security forces.
These young Marxists are the group that effetely became the armed wing of the E Z L N.
De Klerk is best known for agreeing to end apartheid , and he shared the Nobel Peace Prize with Nelson Mandela in 1993 for his role in the ending of apartheid.
Nelson Mandela is a Nobel Peace Prize winner.
A government decision to allow the U K industry to dramatically increase its emissions of CO2 , the main greenhouse gas , spells disaster for both business and the environment.
The government took measures to reduce pollution.
When the old Belgian Congo became the Republic of Congo , Belgians fled , transported by S A B E N A.
This was the end of the impressive regional network of routes and airports in Congo that the airline had built up since 1924.
Agoraphobia is a prevalent disorder afflicting approximately 1 person in 20 in the general population.
Agoraphobia is a widespread disorder.
The 2004-2005 season was officially canceled yesterday when the hockey team owners and players couldn't agree on what players should be paid.
The season has been cancelled after players and owners failed to agree on a deal.
The first Barbie doll was sold for $3.
The first Barbie cost 3 dollars.
Kerry said Bush lied to Nevadans about his Republican administration&#39;s determination to build a nuclear waste dump at Yucca Mountain.
Kerry said the nuclear waste dump issue is important to all Americans , not just Nevada.
At the beginning of 1998 the member states of the European Union will decide whether or not to go ahead with their monetary union and determine which countries qualify as members.
1998 marked the beginning of the European Monetary Union.
The rival American group is also involved in salvaging operations on the wreck of the U S S Charleston an American warship , which sank in 1899.
Shipwreck salvaging was attempted.
His alter ego Clark Kent works for newspaper company The Daily Planet and is partnered with uptight , work obsessed , sexy and talented Lois Lane.
Clark Kent works for the Daily Planet newspaper.
The government took a stand to protect economic interests that it perceived to be in conflict with environmental interests.
The government took measures to protect the environment.
The European Union ( E U ) remained a key partner in the war on terrorism and has moved to strengthen Community legal and administrative capacity , and that of E U member states , to combat terrorism.
A European synagogue was the target of an act of terrorism or vandalism.
A study of the United States at war in the past 50 years has picked up one of the main awards at the 2005 Sundance Film Festival in Utah , in the U S.
Sundance Institute took over the former Utah/United States Film Festival.
Winkeler , an 18-year veteran employee of The Southern Illinoisan , is a native of Beckemeyer , but graduated from Southern Illinois University Carbondale in 1976 with a degree in journalism.
Winkeler resides in Beckemeyer.
Trent Barrett replaces injured Kangaroos captain , Darren Lockyer , at five-eighth while prop Steve Price has been omitted from the preliminary 19-man squad named on Tuesday.
Trent Barrett replaces Steve Price.
In Baghdad , a car bomb exploded late Sunday near a police patrol in the fashionable Jadiriyah district , killing at least six people , including three police officers , and wounding 26 others.
The bomb killed six people , including three policeman.
What will Finland say if a seminar on the subject &#34; Between Finland and Sweden : Whom the Aland Islands Belong to ? &#34; took place in the State Duma.
The Aland Islands belong to Sweden.
For all last year , business spending on equipment and software grew 13.4% , the largest increase since 1997.
Business spending on equipment and software grew by 13.4 percent.
Only a few days ago , A R E N A assassins tried to kill the president of the Mortgage Bank , Mr . Mason , for not following their orders.
Mr . Mason kills the president of the Mortgage Bank.
The protestors arrived from Grizinkals Park , not far from downtown , where they had been holding a protest.
The protestors were resident in Grizinkals Park.
Iraqi forces backed by U . S . soldiers and Marines raided mosques Tuesday in the insurgent stronghold of Ramadi and detained a prominent cleric following fierce clashes that hospital officials said killed at least four people.
Insurgents had repeatedly used mosques as shelters.
North and South Korean delegates struggling to hold together a summit on economic co-operation have resumed talks in Pyongyang.
South and North Korea resumed discussions.
Every year , roughly a hundred people die in avalanche accidents in the European Alps and many more are injured or badly frightened.
Humans die in avalanches.
A report of a government commission designated by the former President Ernesto Samper to negotiate with the guerrillas , states in the last days of July , the F A R C mounted a military offensive against the army that saw more than 360 killed.
The F A R C is a government commission designated to negotiate with guerrillas.
U . S . Attorney Kenneth L . Wainstein of the District of Columbia announced , today , that a second member of the Colombian terrorist group F A R C ( Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia ) has been indicted on charges of attempted murder and use of weapons of mass destruction for a November 2003 grenade attack aimed at Americans in Colombia.
The F A R C is a Colombian terrorist group.
In 1900 , Paul Villard discovered gamma rays , which were thought to be a much more energetic form of X-rays ( well , they are , but at that time X-rays had not been shown to be a form of light ).
Paul Villard discovered x-rays.
The main finding of our study was that postmenopausal women who used estrogen replacement therapy for 10 or more years were at significantly higher risk of developing ovarian cancer than women who never used hormone replacement therapy.
Estrogen was used by postmenopausal.
In addition , Hebron is bordered to the east by the large settlement of Kiryat Arba , whose population now reaches 6,000.
Hebron is located in Kiryat Arba.
England has come a long way in improving cancer survival rates in the past 30 years but still does not match up to Europe and the U S , a report says.
Overall survival rates were found to be increasing in England , but were still poor compared to Sweden.
Some 420 people have been hanged in Singapore since 1991 , mostly for drug trafficking , an Amnesty International 2004 report said.
That gives the country of 4.4 million people the highest execution rate in the world relative to population.
At an international disaster conference in Kobe , Japan , the U . N . humanitarian chief said the United Nations should take the lead in creating a tsunami early-warning system in the Indian Ocean.
Nations affected by the Asian tsunami disaster have agreed the U N should begin work on an early warning system in the Indian Ocean.
The Mall School in Richmond has replaced its aging Windows 2000 PCs with a state of the art Linux thin-client network , offering access to a wealth of educational software at a fraction of the cost of an upgraded Microsoft-based solution.
The Mall School is a customer of Microsoft.
The failure of the Bay of Pigs invasion in 1961 seriously embarrassed the Kennedy administration.
The Bay of Pigs invasion took place in 1961.
That inevitably led the central government to enact the Basic Law for Pollution Control in 1967 , along with several other pollution-control laws.
The government took measures to reduce pollution.
But the government has rarely stopped companies from dumping toxic wastes in its lakes and streams , and clear-cutting or strip-mining its lands.
The government took measures to reduce pollution.
Mickelson finished a triumphant week in his second home , winning the F B R Open by five strokes for his largest margin of victory in a P G A Tour event.
Mickelson won the F B R Open by five strokes , the largest margin of victory in his P G A Tour triumphs.
Tampa-based Odyssey Marine Exploration , which was poised this spring to start archaeological and treasure recovery work on what it believes to be the more than 300-year-old shipwreck , has put the project on hold after last-minute objections from Andalusia.
Shipwreck salvaging was attempted.
A mortar attack north of Baghdad killed four Iraqi national guardsmen and wounded 80 others Tuesday , while a top official from a prominent charity was kidnapped in the Iraqi capital.
On Tuesday , a mortar attack killed four Iraqi guardsmen and injured 80 north of Baghdad.
Aki Kaurismaki&#39;s &#39; Juha &#39; , from Finland , screens at the San Francisco International Film Festival.
Aki Kaurismaki directed a film.
Explosions hit the London-based H S B C bank and the British consulate.
The blasts came days after the city was hit by two synagogue bombings.
Kotler , 37 , is familiar with the problem.
Immigrating from the Ukraine in 1991 he became the first Reform rabbi from that wave of immigration and for the last four years he served as the Reform Movement's envoy in Russia.
Due to these effects , a person who has consumed a high amount of alcohol in a short amount of time will undoubtedly have difficulty driving.
Each year , more than 10,000 people ages 16 - 25 die as the result of alcohol use and half of those deaths result from crashes caused by alcohol-impaired driving.
Chirac himself has been undermined by a continuing scandal over the organized bribery that financed all of France's important political parties.
A French political party was illegally financed.
Just think that the most beautiful goal in the history of football was scored by Maradona in the 1986 World Cup in Mexico against England , when he dribbled past 6 English players and the goalkeeper scoring an amazing goal.
Diego Armando Maradona is an English player.
The Zimbabwean delegation includes the central bank governor , finance minister and Foreign Minister Simbarashe Mumbengegwi , who met his Chinese counterpart Li Zhaoxing on Tuesday.
Li Zhaoxing rejects Chinese nationality.
The shrinking cost of using virtual reality for training is another boon.
Soldiers are trained using virtual reality.
Because Microsoft&#39;s near-monopoly status itself magnifies security risk , it is essential that society become less dependent on a single operating system from a single vendor if our critical infrastructure is not to be disrupted in a single blow.
Microsoft holds a monopoly power.
Jose Reyes scored the winner for Arsenal as they ended a three-game league losing streak with a victory over battling Charlton.
Jose Reyes scored the winner against Arsenal.
G U S , on Friday , disposed of its remaining home shopping business and last non- U K retail operation with the 390m euro ( 265m pounds ) sale of the Dutch home shopping company , Wehkamp , to Industri Kapital , a private equity firm.
Industri Kapital acquired Wehkamp.
Roger Federer posted a huge win in the howling wind , beating two-time champion Andre Agassi 6-3 , 2-6 , 7-5 , 3-6 , 6-3 Thursday in a U . S . Open quarterfinal match suspended the previous night because of rain.
Roger Federer battled past Andre Agassi in five sets.
Recent Dakosaurus research comes from a complete skull found in Argentina in 1996 , studied by Diego Pol of Ohio State University , Zulma Gasparini of Argentina&#39;s National University of La Plata , and their colleagues.
A Dakosaurus complete skull was found in Argentina.
Analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call were looking for the company to post earnings of 38 cents per share on sales of $12.81 billion in the latest period.
S B C reported earnings of 38 cents per share in the latest quarter.
Patrick&#39;s managing director Chris Corrigan says the law has been broken and the company will be writing to the Australian Securities and Investments Commission ( A S I C ).
Chris Corrigan has broken the law.
Then , as society grew more complex and so the services available , societies outsourced or bought services from neighboring societies and finally as communication grew , from far off societies.
Jobs were outsourced to India.
The three-day hostage siege at a school in southern Russia ended in chaos and bloodshed Friday , after witnesses said Chechen militants set off bombs and Russian commandos stormed the building.
The hostage takers want the release of Chechen rebels.
Microsoft denies that it holds a monopoly.
Microsoft holds a monopoly power.
The Grandpa of Internet Explorer was a web browser called Mosaic , which first began development at the National Center for Super Computing Applications ( N C S A ) back in 1987.
The National Center for Super Computing Applications created the internet browser Mosaic.
Simply put , our indigenous cultures and arts are vanishing fast and the cultural diversity here is greatly threatened.
Indigenous folk art is preserved.
Mathew Staver , president of Liberty Counsel , a conservative law group based in Florida , called on the president to withdraw the Miers nomination , saying that Bush passed over several highly qualified candidates with proven track records and well-developed judicial philosophies for an unknown.
Mathew Staver is a supporter of Miers.
Saddam Hussein destroyed his chemical and biological weapons after the 1991 Gulf War and dismantled what remained of his mass-destruction weapons programs by 1996 , the CIA&#39;s top Iraqi weapons adviser reported Wednesday.
Saddam Hussein ended his nuclear programme in 1991 , after the Gulf War.
At the same time , Old Mutual Asset Management , which is owned by London bank Old Mutual , announced that it would merge Pacific into corporate sibling Barrow Hanley.
Barrow Hanley is a competitor of Pacific.
Trent Barrett replaces injured Kangaroos captain , Darren Lockyer , at five-eighth while prop Steve Price has been omitted from the preliminary 19-man squad named on Tuesday.
Steve Price injured the Kangaroos captain.
&#34; We don&#39;t think about it much , because it hurts , &#34; says Albertman , who is formulating a civil code for the Democratic Choice party.
Albertman is a member of the Democratic Choice party.
Hebron , located in south-central Licking County , is home to about 2,200 residents.
Hebron is located in Licking County.
They also openly list the address of LeT`s regional office as " 4 Lake Road , Chaubhurji , Lahore , &#34; a location reportedly not far from the city police headquarters.
Chaubhurji lies in Lahore.
The pope entered the hospital for a relapse of the flu and underwent the elective surgery to relieve respiratory problems , Vatical officials said earlier.
The pontiff was struck by a relapse of the flu.
The South Asian neighbors have fought two of their three wars over Kashmir , which is divided between India and Pakistan but which both claim in its entirety.
India and Pakistan have fought two of their three wars over Kashmir.
Running water to about 26,000 people in Dalianhe on the outskirts of this northeastern city , stopped at 6 p.m . as a slick of toxic benzene on the Songhua River approached.
The Songhua River was polluted with benzene.
DaimlerChrysler sold its remaining shares in the Mitsubishi Motor Corporation of Japan today , effectively ending the grand scheme of its chairman , Jurgen E . Schrempp , to create a global car company.
Jurgen E . Schrempp created Mitsubishi Motor Corporation.
Mount St . Helens emitted a large plume of steam on Monday , with fears of an eruption rising as scientists estimated the width of the volcano&#39;s crater had expanded by 15 to 30 metres.
After a steam eruption scientists raised the alert level for Mount St . Helens.
Designers say their chip , code-named Cell and built from the start with the burgeoning world of rich media and broadband networks in mind , can deliver 10 times the performance of today&#39;s P C processors.
Designers say the chip has the potential to efficiently handle several multimedia tasks at once.
The Actors Studio offering will be based on Simon&#39;s female version of the play which was premiered in 1985 in New York , at the Broadhurst Theatre , with the characters &#39; names being Florence Unger and Olive Madison , played by Sally Struthers and Rita Moreno respectively.
Sally Struthers played the role of Olive Madison.
The military has used Virtual Reality to train soldiers since the late seventies.
Soldiers have been trained using virtual reality.
Excluding those items , the company reported a net income of 79 cents per share , handily beating the estimate of 72 cents per share carried by analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call.
Analysts surveyed by Thomson First call were expecting earnings of 72 cents a share.
In 1994 R M S Titanic , Inc . was awarded ownership and salvaging rights of the wreck , even though R M S Titanic Inc . and other salvaging expeditions have been criticized for taking items from the wreck.
Shipwreck salvaging was attempted.
On Social Security , Bush reassured retirees and those nearing retirement that the 70-year-old program " is strong and fiscally sound , " promising he was proposing nothing that would change their benefits.
The president said that the reform would not affect the benefits of current and near retirees.
Google co-founders Sergey Brin and Larry Page apparently have settled on a Boeing 767 as their personal jet.
Google was founded by Sergey Brin and Larry Page.
Scientists on Monday announced the discovery of a frozen , shiny red world some 8 billion miles from Earth that is the most distant known object in the solar system.
A frozen world 8 billion miles from Earth is believed to be the farthest known object within our solar system.
U S authorities have been secretly monitoring radiation levels at Muslim sites amid fears that terrorists might obtain nuclear weapons.
Nuclear weapons are stored at Muslim sites.
Rising wholesale prices and a jump in oil futures intensified inflation fears Friday , keeping stocks mixed and sending bond prices falling.
Wholesale prices rose at the fastest rate in six years , causing a selloff on the bond market and pressured stocks as well.
Those accused of the assassination of six Jesuits will have a &#34; fair trial &#34; and if found guilty , will be punished whether they are civilians , military , or influential people , supreme court President Dr . Mauricio Gutierrez Castro said.
Six Jesuits were assassinated by the military.
The system of government purchases of food under the U . N . Oil-for-Food Program was alleged to have many abuses.
A government purchases food.
In California , one hundred twenty Central Americans , due to be deported , began a hunger strike when their deportation was delayed.
A hunger strike was attempted.
The Motion Picture Association of America ( M P A A ) said the civil suits would seek damages of up to $30,000 per film.
The law states $30,000 damages can be sought per film.
Baldwin graduated from Butler University in 1995 , and he served his alma mater as an assistant coach from 1994-99.
Baldwin dismissed by Butler University.
The Mafia murdered European Parliament deputy Salvo Lima last March because he stopped protecting their interests after years of collusion , according to a magistrate&#39;s report Wednesday.
The Mafia murdered Salvo Lima.
These neuroleptics or anti-psychotic drugs are highly effective in dealing with the positive symptoms of schizophrenia.
Drugs are used to combat schizophrenia.
Meanwhile , in Ramallah the High Representative for the C F S P , Javier Solana , and the EU&#39;s special envoy to the Middle East , Miguel Angel Moratinus , have met with the President of the Palestinian National Authority , Yasser Arafat and undertaken to continue working with Russia , the U N and the U S to re-launch the political dialogue and achieve an end to the conflict.
Javier Solana is the High Representative for the C F S P.
In 1900 Berlin's arterial roads ran across Potsdam Square - Potsdamer Platz.
Postdam Square is located in Berlin.
In 1994 the country held its first democratic elections and , during the last decade , the African National Congress ( A N C ) has transformed from a struggling organisation to the governing political party of the country.
The A N C is the African National Congress.
Superstars scheduled to appear include Death Row , Johnny 8-Ball , Ogre , Junkyard Joe , Justin Nuff , The Joykiller , Baine , Shane Youngblood , Dave Century , Mike Savage , Los Lizmarkos , Calo , Crazy Cat , El Satanico with Pennsylvania Pete , Showtime and a special attraction with Freddy vs . Jason.
Mike Savage is an employee of Los Lizmarkos.
Genetic Engineering will end world hunger.
Genetic technology provides a solution to hunger.
Since it saw the light of day in 2004 , Katamari Damacy has gone on to become one of the biggest cult hits in the history of video games.
Katamari Damacy was released in 2004.
An internal investigation led Chief Dana Van Leuven to contact deputies at the San Bernardino Sheriff's Department's Big Bear Station.
Big Bear Station is subordinate to San Bernardino Sherriff's Department.
The Council of Europe has 45 member states.
Three countries from outside Europe ( Canada , Israel and Mexico ) have observer status in the Parliamentary Assembly.
Testifying before the Senate inquiry into the new anti-terrorism laws , Australian Federal Police Deputy Commissioner John Lawler defended the need for extra powers by giving examples of where the current system falls down.
John Lawler testified before the Senate inquiry.
Competition between I B M and Oracle is certainly nothing new , and the customer does ultimately benefit.
I B M is a partner of Oracle.
With the exception of several hundred military specialists at Skrunda , all active-duty Russian troops were withdrawn from Latvia by August 31 , 1994.
Russian troops withdrew from Latvia.
A rupture was discovered in the 5.9-inch diameter Musyurshor-Sandivay oil pipeline in the Yamal-Nenets autonomous area in eastern Siberia only two months after it happened.
An oil pipeline in Siberia was ruptured.
In British service centres 80% of the workforce is female and many are part-time , but in India it is split 50:50 male and female.
Jobs were outsourced to India.
Saddam Hussein destroyed his chemical and biological weapons after the 1991 Gulf War and dismantled what remained of his mass-destruction weapons programs by 1996 , the CIA&#39;s top Iraqi weapons adviser reported Wednesday.
Saddam Hussein had used chemical weapons in the past.
Yet there is no evidence that he ever attempted to salvage the Captain Lawrence in the years after the wreck.
Shipwreck salvaging was attempted.
Mithila region in southern Nepal is the treasure house of folk culture as shown in its original language and literature as well as indigenous folk art drawn which is passed down from mother to daughter.
Indigenous folk art is preserved.
The Eiffel Tower was built in 1889 for the Universal Exposition as a monument to the scientific achievements of the 18th century.
The Eiffel Tower was built in the 18th century.
Insurgents have attacked U S troops , polling stations and Iraqi forces as security was tightened ahead of Sunday's landmark national election.
Insurgents in Iraq attacked polling centers ahead of Sunday's elections.
An earthquake has hit the east coast of Hokkaido , Japan , with a magnitude of 7.0 Mw.
An earthquake occurred on the east coast of Hokkaido , Japan.
Bush today said staying the course in the war on terror will make the world safer for future generations , though he said an all-out victory against terrorism may not be possible.
Bush said that victory may not be possible.
Desforges , who lived in Saguenay , about 155 miles north of Quebec City , was almost immediately given a shot of adrenaline , a standard tool for treating anaphylactic shock brought on by an allergy to peanuts.
Anaphylactic shock is caused by adrenaline.
Its members have been devoted Congressites who , as members of the A N C , have propagated and defended the policies of our movement , including the Freedom Charter , without hesitation.
A N C is a movement.
Four U S cable companies , including industry leaders Comcast Corp and Time Warner Cable , have entered the fast-growing wireless arena through a joint venture with Sprint Nextel.
Four U S cable companies formed a joint venture with Sprint Nextel.
Greek coastguard officials say they have found a body on a boat that sent out a distress call as it carried 150 would-be immigrants to Italy.
The identity of the dead man and the circumstances of his death are unclear.
On the same day last week that Mahmoud Ahmadi-Nejad , Iran&#39;s fundamentalist president , called for Israel to be &#34; wiped off the map &#34; at an anti-Zionist conference in Tehran , his first vice-president was attending a different sort of event in Moscow.
Mahmoud Ahmadi-Nejad attends a conference in Moscow.
Many Filipinos continue to primarily speak their indigenous language , rather than Filipino.
The primary language of the Philippines is Filipino.
Some large Russian oil companies , including Lukoil , Zarubezhneft , the state-owned oil company , and Alpha Eco , the trader , were implicated by the report.
Lukoil and Zarubezhneft are Russian oil companies.
White collar jobs ranging from call centers to software engineers to medical technicians are being " outsourced " to India resulting in comments from the White House and the presidential candidates in the U S A.
Jobs were outsourced to India.
The possibility for Yevgenia Timoshenko , daughter of the Ukrainian ex-prime minister , to be married to the English rock singer Sean Carr , in church , is still questionable.
Yevgenia Timoshenko is the wife of Sean Carr.
The biodiversity of the rainforest is affected.
Destruction of the rainforest affected the world&#39;s weather.
La Paz department police authorities have disclosed that investigations into the murder of two young U . S . Citizens are being conducted by a specialized group ( not further identified ) summoned specially to clarify this crime.
Two young U . S . Citizens were murdered in Bolivia.
Bush used his weekly radio address to try to build support for his plan to allow workers to divert part of their Social Security payroll taxes into private investment accounts.
Mr . Bush is proposing that workers be allowed to divert their payroll taxes into private accounts.
The average wage gap between men and women varies from 10 to 30% while women in the informal sector earn on average 25% less than men with equal age and education levels.
The gap in political power between the sexes is very wide.
Numerous studies have demonstrated significantly lower risks of fatal and nonfatal C H D among postmenopausal women taking estrogen.
Estrogen is used by postmenopausal women.
U S President George W . Bush and his Democratic challenger John Kerry have clashed over homeland security , jobs , taxes and healthcare in the third and final of their televised debates.
President George W . Bush and his Democratic challenger John Kerry have clashed over domestic security in their last T V debate.
The attack occurred the day after four Algerian G I A members who had hijacked an Air France Airbus were killed by French security forces at the Marseille airport.
The G I A hijacked an Air France Airbus.
Germany will pay more into the E U coffers than Britain had originally proposed - but still less than it had been prepared to pay at the last summit six months ago.
Germany will pay more into the E U coffers than Britain.
A statement distributed early today by the Governing Council said the members would reconvene Monday &#34; to finalize &#34; outstanding issues &#34; and sign &#34; the interim charter.
Members of Iraq&#39;s Governing Council refused to sign an interim constitution.
Tokyo&#39;s High Court has rejected an appeal for compensation by 10 Chinese survivors of Japanese germ warfare experiments during World War I I.
Tokyo&#39;s High Court approves an appeal for compensation by 10 Chinese survivors.
Marshall , 54 , and Warren , 68 , discovered the bacterium Helicobacter pylori and uncovered its role in causing ulcers and stomach inflammation.
Helicobacter pylori causes ulcers.
As he headed to his Camp David retreat for the weekend , relief for Mr . Bush that Karl Rove , his chief strategist , had not been indicted was tempered by the prospect of further torment from the continuing inquiry and likely trial of Lewis &#34; Scooter &#34; Libby , chief of staff to Dick Cheney , vice-president.
Karl Rove works as chief strategist for Mr . Bush.
The Japanese Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko who are in the Czech Republic on a four day state visit on Monday met with the Czech President and First Lady.
Akihito and Michiko are the Czech President and First Lady.
If anyone tells you that Genetic Modification is going to feed the world , tell them that it is not.
To feed the world takes political and financial will - it&#39;s not about production and distribution.
Commandos stormed a school Friday in southern Russia and battled separatist rebels holding hundreds of hostages as crying children , some naked and covered in blood , fled the building through explosions and gunfire.
The total number of hostages held in the school may have been as many as 1,200.
The creation of the European Monetary Institute ( E M I ) on January 1st , 1994 marked the beginning of the second stage of Economic and Monetary Union.
The beginning of the European Monetary Union was on January 1st , 1994.
Until the 1970s , there was also an important gap between the electoral participation of women and men in France.
The gap in political power between the sexes is very wide.
Owen left Real Madrid after Newcastle outbid Liverpool to clinch a 17m pounds deal , but Benitez has hinted the striker may yet make a permanent return to Anfield.
Owen was bought by Liverpool.
European Footballer of the Year , Andriy Shevchenko , was awarded with the Golden Ball.
The award is given annually to the player considered to have performed the best over the previous year.
The flights begin at San Diego&#39;s Lindbergh Field in April , 2002 and follow the Lone Eagle&#39;s 1927 flight plan to St . Louis , New York , and Paris.
Lindbergh began his flight from St . Louis in 1927.
A huge car bomb killed Lebanon&#39;s former prime minister al-Hariri and at least 12 other people Monday in Beirut&#39;s most devastating attack since the 1975-90 civil war.
A bomb blew up close to Hariri&#39;s motorcade in Beirut on Monday.
The rock , which was returned from the Moon in April 1972 by Apollo 16 astronauts Young and Charlie Duke , remains N A S A property but is on extended loan for display at the Burke Baker Planetarium Theater located at the museum.
16 astronauts have been on the moon.
Up until the 1992 Olympic Games ( Barcelona and Albertville ) , the Organising Committees for the Olympic Games ( OCOGs ) could integrate demonstration sports into the Olympic programme.
Barcelona and Albertville hosted the 1992 Olympic Games.
A great tragedy occurred on December 6 , 1917 as an explosion caused by a collision between two ships claimed over a thousand lives including nine Hailifax firefighters.
People were killed in a collision between ships.
Denmark was one of three countries , along with Sweden and Britain , that opted not to join the euro currency system in its initial phase when it was launched in January 1999.
Sweden adopted the single European currency in 1999.
In the mid-1960s , the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia ( F A R C ) arose as a peasant movement demanding land redistribution and social reform.
The F A R C is the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia.
With the goal of establishing a common currency for all member countries of the European Union ( E U ) , the European Monetary Union ( E M U ) was founded in 1999.
The European Monetary Union began in 1999.
Such a margin of victory would give Abbas a clear mandate to renew peace talks with Israel , rein in militants and reform the corruption-riddled Palestinian Authority.
The new Palestinian president combatted corruption and revived the Palestinian economy.
Since hurricane Katrina hit , acting New Jersey Gov . Richard Codey has met with state police and other agencies to review their terrorism plans.
Richard Codey is attacked by Katrina.
Here&#39;s why I say Microsoft holds no monopoly : monopolies imply exclusivity.
More than 80 percent of the world&#39;s computers run Microsoft operating systems , mostly Windows 3.x and D O S.
T R W began moving I T development work offshore to India four years ago , mostly through attrition and shifting contract work overseas.
Jobs were outsourced to India.
" I've seen the evolution from hoodlums to families , " said LeGros , 72 , who has owned the drive-in with his wife , Dorothy , for 25 years.
LeGros is related to Dorothy.
These depletions , which take place over a 50-kilometer squared area , are caused by weather patterns in the upper troposphere.
Depletion of the rainforest affected the world&#39;s weather.
In the 17th century , slave divers were sent by the Spanish to recover precious cargo from their sunken ships.
Shipwreck salvaging was attempted.
Andy Roddick could not hide his disappointment after his hopes of winning the Australian Open title were ended by third seed Lleyton Hewitt in the semi-finals on Friday.
Lleyton Hewitt had a win over Andy Roddick in Friday's semi-final.
The mounting debt exasperated U . N . Secretary-General Javier Perez de Cuellar as the world body embarked on new , costly peacekeeping ventures.
Javier Perez de Cuellar is employed by the U . N.
&#34; With Leukemia &#34; is a website bringing parents together world-wide to share experiences on caring for children who have leukemia.
Leukemia is a website.
That accident gave our idea greater urgency and its first name , the Valdez Principles was later changed to the C E R E S Principles.
The valdez Principles are the C E R E S Principles.
Palestinian officials and international officials Saturday , privately weighed the prospects of political life after Arafat , who remains in poor condition at a French hospital.
Arafat is ailing in a French hospital.
A hunger strike is a method of non-violent resistance in which participants fast as an act of political protest or to achieve a goal such as a policy change.
A hunger strike was attempted.
Defence Minister Robert Hill says a decision would need to be made by February next year , if Australian troops are to extend their stay in southern Iraq.
Australian troops extend their stay in southern Iraq.
Only a few days ago , A R E N A assassins tried to kill the president of the Mortgage Bank , Mr . Mason , for not following their orders.
Mason leads A R E N A assassins.
The U . S . military staged a series of aggressive strikes Tuesday in insurgent strongholds west of Baghdad , including firing missiles into the streets of Fallujah and conducting raids alongside Iraqi commandos in seven mosques in Ramadi.
Clashes broke out between U . S . forces and insurgents in Fallujah , killing one Iraqi.
The deal comes some two weeks after a $16 billion deal was reached between AT&#38; T and S B C , a top rival for Qwest.
The two firms sealed the deal despite what was thought to be a higher offer from rival U S carrier Qwest.
The model for the new network is an existing system in the Pacific , which was established in 1965 and now provides early tsunami warnings to 26 nations.
Japan&#39;s warning system can issue an alert for a deadly tsunami within minutes of an undersea quake.
Sirius Corporation , the UK&#39;s leading Linux and open source consultancy , installed the new network of 28 workstations that are connected to a high-powered server , running the L T S P Linux terminal server.
Sirius Corporation is the developer of Linux.
Former South African President Nelson Mandela blasted the United States for &#39; undermining &#39; the U . N . and President Bush for a desire to start a world &#39; holocaust , &#39; Tom Fenton reports.
Mandela said Bush is &#39; undermining &#39; past work of the United Nations.
Microsoft's strengthening monopoly raises concern in both the United States and Europe regarding the future of digital communications.
Microsoft holds a monopoly.
A huge car bomb killed Lebanon's former prime minister al-Hariri and at least 12 other people Monday in Beirut&#39;s most devastating attack since the 1975-90 civil war.
A massive car bomb killed the former Prime Minister Hariri.
Phil Mickelson finished a triumphant week in his second home , winning the F B R Open by five strokes for his largest margin of victory in a P G A Tour event.
Mickelson won by five shots last week , the largest margin of his career.
When in 1967 a General Land Office qv field representative officially reported the discovery of a sunken Spanish ship off Padre Island near Port Mansfield , recovery attempts for artifacts from the ship were already in full operation by a private out-of-state salvaging firm ; the company , however , did not have a permit to operate within the state.
Shipwreck salvaging was attempted.
Two days later , a 28-year-old man died in a shark attack in Avon , North Carolina.
A shark attacked a human being.
Ninety eight people were wounded , two of them seriously.
Most of them were wounded in the panic that ensued , Egyptian Health Minister Dr . Mohammed Taj al-Din told Egyptian television.
In one of the latest attacks , a U S soldier on patrol was killed by a single shot from a sniper in northern Baghdad , the military said yesterday.
A U . S . soldier was killed in a sniper attack in northern Baghdad.
Drugs used to treat schizophrenia are called neuroleptics.
Drugs are used to combat schizophrenia.
El Nino events usually begin early in the year ( between January and March ) and often peak during the month of December.
El Nino usually starts between January and March.
In this way , many of the craft traditions are implicated as curiosities of indigenous energy that must be preserved as signs of national identity or as a resource that can be exploited for economic progress.
Indigenous folk art is preserved.
The sources , speaking days before Scheuer's interview appeared July 4 in the Italian daily La Repubblica , said those actions were routine in such cases , known as &#34; renditions &#34; - - transfers of subjects from one country to another.
La Repubblica publishes in Italy.
A bomb blew up close to Hariri&#39;s motorcade in Beirut on Monday , killing at least 15 people and injuring about 120 others.
Mr . Hariri died when a bomb exploded near his motorcade in Beirut on Monday.
The Zapatista Army of National Liberation ( Ejercito Zapatista de Liberacion Nacional , E Z L N ) is an armed revolutionary group based in Chiapas , one of the poorest states of Mexico.
E Z L N is an armed revolutionary group based in Chiapas.
World governments first banned the ozone-destroying refrigerants known as CFCs in 1987.
But CFCs take up to 100 years to degrade , which will retard the pace of ozone hole repair for years to come.
Kings Valley Collies is a breeding and training facility located on a 160-acre tree farm in the beautiful foothills of the Coast Range , northwest of Corvallis , Oregon.
The Valley of the Kings is in Oregon.
From its original 12 member states , C E R N has now grown to 20 , including a number of countries ( Bulgaria , Hungary , the Czech and Slovak republics , and Poland ) of the new Europe.
C E R N has 20 member states.
Islam has joined a battle for the hearts and minds of Mexico&#39;s volatile Tzotzil Indians in Chiapas state , home of Zapatista rebels and a hotbed of sectarian strife between Christians.
Indians in Chiapas uprise.
During June 2000 , V S I reported an increase in seismicity , especially deep volcanic earthquakes.
There was an increase in seismic activity.
The scientists said the existence of water or ice would significantly increase the chance that microscopic life may also be found on Mars.
The frozen sea of sorts is the first large quantity of water ice on Mars.
Green tea may be full of antioxidants but a new study shows that it does not protect people against stomach cancer.
Tea protects from some diseases.
C P T urges individuals and organizations to pressure the Israeli government and international community to alleviate the oppression of the Palestinian residents imposed by this closure of the Old City of Hebron.
Hebron is located in Israel.
Apple , the Apple logo , Mac , Mac O S , Macintosh , Power Mac , iTunes and iPod are trademarks of Apple.
ITunes is a product by Apple.
In the 1820's , the first flush toilet was invented by Albert Giblin , acting as a forerunner to today&#39;s modern loo.
The first flush toilet was invented in the 1820's.
The European Council is made up of the Heads of State or Government of the fifteen Member States of the E U , the Foreign Ministers and the President of the Commission.
It must not be confused with the Council of Europe , which is an international organisation , nor with the Council of the European Union.
Microsoft dominates software markets , not through the exercise of monopoly power or by leveraging its Windows operating system , but only when it has the best products based on independent reviews and evaluations.
Microsoft holds a monopoly power.
A hunger strike by hundreds of imprisoned asylum seekers against the Australian government escalated today with nine Afghan and Iraqi teenage refugees threatening to commit suicide unless authorities release them by Wednesday evening.
A hunger strike was attempted.
The government of El Salvador strongly condemns the terrorist attacks carried out with explosives , today , against the Salvadoran Workers National Union Federation , in which several persons were wounded and others died.
Several persons were injured by explosives.
There are 360 million European citizens in 15 member states and yet we cannot find just 20 men and women with the relevant professional competence and work experience to be commissioners.
There are 360 million European citizens.
A great earthquake occurred at 00:58:50 ( U T C ) , at 6:58 a.m . local time , on Sunday , 26 December 2004.
The magnitude 9.0 event was located off the West coast of Northern Sumatra.
In 1983 , Aki Kaurismaki directed his own first full-length feature.
Aki Kaurismaki directed a film.
Look at how humans have affected the world&#39;s weather and how it in turn has affected humans.
Depletion of the rainforest affected the world&#39;s weather.
Secretary-General Kofi Annan&#39;s detractors may wish for him to take up wedding planning and ditch the peacekeeping.
Secretary-General Kofi Annan takes up wedding planning.
Simulation using virtual reality ( V R ) is becoming an effective tool for the Army in training soldiers to do their required tasks.
Soldiers are trained using virtual reality.
The ruptured pipeline is the third largest oil spill in history.
An oil pipeline in Siberia was ruptured.
Former European Ryder Cup winning captain Sam Torrance says Welshman Ian Woosnam is the right man to lead Europe at the 2006 match in Ireland.
Torrance told B B C Sport : &#34; I think Ian Woosnam should get it &#34; ( the 2006 captaincy ).
But , as the GIA's hijack of the Air France Airbus A300 on Christmas Eve 1994 demonstrates , the Islamic terrorist groups are also prepared to take their terrorist war to France itself.
The G I A hijacked an Air France Airbus.
Early last month , reform candidate Vicente Fox stunned Mexico and the world by winning the presidency of his country.
Promising economic and political change , the former Coca-Cola executive and his National Action Party ousted the Institutional Revolutionary Party , or P R I , that had ruled Mexico for 71 years.
Firearms that are classified as either restricted or non-restricted may be exported to the U S.
U . S . industry is exported.
The Aland Islands belong to Finland and they are situated between Finland and Sweden.
Aland Islands belong to Finland.
" The Calm & the Storm " is the brainchild of Dave McCool , who got rich when Northern Telecom bought his communications start-up Aptis Communications.
Aptis Communications is owned by Northern Telecom.
With stars like Sluggers Barry Bonds under suspicion and lawmakers demanding action , Major League Baseball adopted a tougher steroid-testing program that will suspend first-time offenders for 10 days and randomly test players year-round.
Baseball rolled out a tougher steroid-testing program that includes penalties for first-time offenders and random , year-round checks.
Other British winners included Robbie Williams , James Blunt , the animated group Gorillaz and dance duo The Chemical Brothers.
Robbie Williams sang with the animated group Gorillaz.
The chances of being attacked by a shark are very small compared to other animal attacks , natural disasters , and ocean-side dangers.
A shark attacked a human being.
A German man has been able to eat his first proper meal in nine years after surgeons rebuilt his face using a pioneering jaw-bone graft.
The man ate his first real meal in nine years.
Emergency-control managers began asking residents living near the lake and downstream along the Manatee River to leave yesterday morning.
Emergency managers began asking residents along the Manatee River to evacuate.
In spite of that , the government&#39;s &#34; economic development first &#34; priority did not initially recognize the need for preventive measures to halt pollution , which might have slowed economic growth.
The government took measures to reduce pollution.
The conventional therapy is counseling or medication , but now there is a new tool , one that puts the soldiers through the trauma again , only this time in virtual reality.
Soldiers are trained using virtual reality.
Jobs has convinced the Apple board to second the computer company&#39;s award-winning design team to work for I K E A , and in a unique licensing agreement , the results will bear the Apple logo.
Ikea is a computer company.
De Klerk was Deputy President of South Africa during the presidency of Nelson Mandela until 1996.
Nelson Mandela was the Deputy President of South Africa.
A series of explosions ripped through Baghdad and a nearby city Friday , killing at least 35 people and injuring dozens on the eve of Shiite Islam's most important holiday , officials said.
The attacks came on the eve of Shiite Islam's most important holiday.
U . S . ground forces began their long-awaited assault into Fallujah yesterday - capturing the city&#39;s main hospital and two bridges soon after Iraq&#39;s interim government declared martial law.
U . S . forces launched an offensive against Fallujah.
The Brandenburg Gate plays a highly symbolic role in the German history.
The Brandenburg Gate is in Germany.
Growth in the vast U . S . services sector slowed in August although managers seemed more willing to hire new workers , according to an industry survey published Friday.
A report showed that growth in the vast service sector slowed in August.
The U S state of Kansas has ruled that science classes in public schools should include the teaching of intelligent design and the doubts it casts on Darwinian evolution.
Intelligent design casts doubts on Darwinian evolution.
We at Funai Pty Ltd . are also a small business that has been through the same I T pains as you&#39;re probably going through.
The Funai is a small business.
In 2004 the total of goods and services exported out of Washington was $33.8 billion , down slightly from $34.2 billion in 2003.
U . S . industry is exported.
The Government of Canada is advancing pollution prevention by strengthening legislation and regulations , integrating the pollution prevention approach into current programs , designing guidelines and codes of practice for industrial operations , working in partnership with the private sector and other orders of government and communities , supporting non-regulatory initiatives , and participating in developing and implementing international agreements.
The government took measures to reduce pollution.
' Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix , ' the fifth installment in Rowling's wildly popular childrens ' series about a boy wizard , comes out Saturday.
The fifth Harry Potter book - Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix - is set to be released on Saturday.
The focus is on the attempts of Bruno Manser to bring this destruction to the attention of the western world.
Destruction of the rainforest affected the world&#39;s weather.
Singapore is one of Australia&#39;s strongest allies in Asia and Australian Prime Minister John Howard has rejected calls for trade and military boycotts over the execution , which is scheduled for Friday.
Australia is going to boycott Singapore.
The armed forces use virtual reality to simulate war games that train soldiers in wartime manoeuvres to improve their skills and battle techniques.
Soldiers are trained using virtual reality.
The Zulu are an African ethnic group of about 11 million people who live mainly in KwaZulu-Natal Province , South Africa.
The Zulus live in Kwazulu-Natal Province.
Profits at oil giant Shell have surged as the recent rise in oil prices more than offset the cost of U S hurricanes.
Shell profits drop due to the recent rise in oil prices.
Toyota Ireland , through its Eurocare programme , provides owners of both new and up to 3 year old Toyota models with the peace of mind of a comprehensive roadside assistance service.
Eurocare is a programme of roadside assistance service.
Iraqi forces captured a key aide to Jordanian-born terrorist Abu Musab al-Zarqawi , who leads an insurgency affiliated with Osama bin Laden's al Qaeda network , the government said Friday.
Iraqi forces captured an al-Zarqawi aide the government said.
During the attack of the Bay of Pigs , the 1,300 men were let down by U . S . forces because President Kennedy called off the backup planes that were planned to help in the invasion.
The Bay of Pigs invasion took place in 1300.
Integration in this case means that government agencies should assess the range of environmental problems of concern and then target protective efforts at the problems that seem to be the most serious.
The government took measures to protect the environment.
For the second time , unidentified terrorists dynamited the oil pipeline between Huila department and Barrancabermeja.
Terrorists attacked an oil pipeline.
Microsoft's monopoly in operating system software is leading to a dangerous concentration of power over electronic commerce.
Microsoft holds a monopoly power.
The chaotic situation unleashed in Bogota last night with the assassination of justice Carlos Valencia began on July 28th in Medellin , when motorized paid assassins murdered third public order judge Maria Elena Diaz.
Assassins murdered Maria Elena Diaz.
Concerned about the impact of federal regulations on the prices of food and commodities that the federal government purchases , you requested that we provide details about federal agencies &#39; purchases of food and/or agricultural commodities from fiscal year 1997 through fiscal year 1999.
A government purchases food.
General Miguel Maza Marquez , chief of the Colombian administrative department of security ( D A S ) , today confirmed foreign participation in the assassination of Luis Carlos Galan , senator and liberal party presidential candidate , on the 18th of August in Bogota.
Luis Carlos Galan was murdered in Bogota.
Delaware Cadillac was founded in 1916 , with its original location at the current site of M B N A world headquarters.
Cadillac was founded in 1916.
If they could control the U S , their new and improved Tower of Babel would become a reality.
The U S built the Tower of Babel.
The 2004-2005 season was officially canceled yesterday when the hockey team owners and players couldn&#39;t agree on what players should be paid.
Both owners and players admit there is unlikely to be much negotiating.
Jurgen Schneider , the German property magnate convicted of fraud by a Frankfurt court on Tuesday , said it was not greed but good intentions that motivated him to cheat banks out of billions of marks.
Jurgen Schneider went bankrupt.
Rainforests have a direct impact on their local weather conditions.
Depletion of the rainforest affected the world&#39;s weather.
The rewriting of the history of ancient India has been opposed by some historians who think that the move initiated by the Government must have been at the instance of those who want to serve the cause of Hindutva.
Indian history is rewritten.
Brandenburg Gate is one of Berlin's best known landmarks and is now regarded as one of the greatest symbols of German unity.
Brandenburg Gate is in Berlin.
By developing and enhancing its nuclear energy options , France has been able to adhere to the goals stated in the Environment Ministry&#39;s mission : monitor the environment , protect nature , prevent , reduce , or totally eliminate pollution and other nuisances , and enhance the quality of life.
The government took measures to reduce pollution.
Diego Armando Maradona is the newest stadium of Buenos Aires city , built at La Paternal neighbourhood , named after football star Diego Maradona , home to Argentinos Juniors football ( soccer ) team.
Diego Armando Maradona is the Juniors football team.
When accidents , injury , or disease cause the loss of one or more teeth , dental implants as a replacement option offer several advantages compared to bridges or dentures.
Tooth implants have advantages.
The U M C have created a high-tech virtual training simulator known as " the meat machine " in which U M C soldiers are trained how to fight.
Soldiers are trained using virtual reality.
Opposition Leader Peter Debnam released a reference the Premier wrote in 1999 as a junior minister for Mamadou Ndaw in his bid to be granted residency.
Peter Debnam was elected Premier.
The militant group led by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi claimed responsibility for the slaying and said another hostage - either an American or a Briton - would be killed in 24 hours.
Abu Musab al-Zarqawi&#39;s group has beheaded one of the hostages.
The Apollo 8 spacecraft has taken its crew of three astronauts safely into orbit around the Moon , the first manned space mission to achieve the feat.
Eight astronauts have been on the moon.
We are located on the M I T campus , and offer quality retail bookselling to both the M I T community and the public at large.
M I T is a retail bookshop.
Bombing suspect Muktar Said-Ibrahim got on the No . 26 bus at 12:53 last Thursday in the bank area of downtown London , carrying a grey and black backpack.
He sat toward the back of the bus with the pack next to him and tried to set off a bomb near Hackney Street.
" They have decided to invest that in the U . S . rather than overseas , " said Richard Withagen , an analyst at Delta Lloyd Securities in Amsterdam who recommends investors sell their Danone shares.
Richard Withagen is employed by Delta Lloyd Securities.
The defense has portrayed the Lorenzo brothers ( both charged with money laundering ) as legitimate businessmen who made it big adopting a gangster persona and starting Murder Inc . with Def Jam , a subsidiary of Universal Music.
The Lorenzo brothers are founders of Murder Inc.
The first flush toilet or water-closet was invented by Sir John Harrington in 1596.
The first flush toilet was invented in 1596.
Five Iraqi policemen have been killed and at least three others wounded in an insurgent attack on a checkpoint , police say.
Five Iraqi policemen have attacked a checkpoint.
Only three buildings were wrapped by Christo : The Kunsthalle Berne , 1968 , The Museum of Contemporary Art , Chicago , 1969 and The Wrapped Reichstag , Berlin , 1995 , which is the third and last wrapped building - - it was initiated in 1961 first and then again in 1971.
In 1971 the Valley Curtain was already well underway , and was not a wrapping.
A N A S A spacecraft carrying solar particles that were captured a million miles from Earth slammed into the Utah desert yesterday and cracked open after its parachutes failed to deploy , possibly rendering the mission a failure.
A U . S . space capsule returning to Earth crashed in a Utah desert yesterday.
The reconsecration tomorrow in Dresden of the Frauenkirche will be a very special moment for Hans and Erna Keller.
Hans and Erna Keller live in Dresden.
The shooters escaped as other soldiers tried to give aid to the wounded.
The gunmen escaped as other soldiers tried to help the wounded.
The Chinese government has adopted various measures to curb environmental pollution , with the ratio of environmental protection funds in the G D P rising from 0.72 percent in the 1980s to one percent both in 1999 and 2000 , which was higher than the U N standard of 0.8 percent for developing countries and close to that for developed countries.
The government took measures to reduce pollution.
He pointed to extra measures the government took yesterday to reduce pollution from sewage works.
The governmnet took measures to reduce pollution.
Commandos stormed a school Friday in southern Russia and battled separatist rebels holding hundreds of hostages as crying children , some naked and covered in blood , fled the building through explosions and gunfire.
Hundreds of people were killed after terrorists seized a school building.
Former Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas declared victory in the Palestinian presidential election late Sunday after exit polls gave him a commanding lead over his rivals.
Mahmoud Abbas won the vote in the Palestinian presidential election Sunday.
Packard Co . will start selling its version of the iPod digital music player next month and will add new flat-panel televisions , photo printers and computers that handle media to help the company tap consumer demand.
Packard Co . Friday unveiled its version of the iPod digital music player.
The B B C has apologised for incorrectly broadcasting figures which suggested more Iraqi civilians had been killed by coalition and Iraqi forces than by insurgents.
The B B C reported that coalition and Iraqi forces could be responsible for conflict-related civilian deaths in Iraq.
When Aki Kaurismaki stood up at the awards ceremony of the Cannes Film Festival on May 26 he joined the honourable fraternity of earlier winners of the Grand Prix du Jury.
Aki Kaurismaki directed a film.
And the vast destruction of the rainforest in this century , along with the rise in fossil fuel usage , is a major contributing factor in global warming.
Destruction of the rainforest affected the world's weather.
The F A R C is an 18,000-strong guerrilla force that controls large territories in Colombia.
Its demands revolve around issues of social welfare , economic development , agrarian and judiciary reform and reorganization of the military.
The Israeli army said in a statement that the car carried &#34; three senior Hamas militants &#34; who plotted attacks against civilians in the past and were planning more.
The I D F said the air force targeted a car carrying &#34; senior Hamas militants &#34;.
Laboring side by side on the outer hull of the station&#39;s crew quarters , Vladimir Dezhurov and Mikhail Turin mounted science packages and two Eastman Kodak Co . placards while U . S . astronaut Frank Culbertson looked on from inside the complex.
Vladimir Dezhurov is a U . S . astronaut.
Shares of Apple Computer Inc . surged Thursday after the computer maker plowed through earnings forecasts with strong sales of its popular iPod digital music player.
Apple said the iPod had helped its quarterly earnings more than quadruple.
Genghis Khan died in 1227 and two years later his son Ogodei was proclaimed Great Khan.
Genghis Khan died in 1227.
Arensberg and a group of nine other professors directed by Ofer Bar-Yosef of Harvard University and Bernard Vandermeersch of the University of Bordeaux in France have studied the findings at Kebara for the past six years.
Arensberg lectures at the University of Bordeaux in France.
Persons with agoraphobia frequently also have panic disorder and characteristically become anxious if they even think about being trapped in a situation where it might be difficult to leave.
Agoraphobia is a widespread disorder.
Socrates is a software application for the Macintosh computer developed at the University of Texas at Austin.
Socrates developed the Macintosh computer.
